text,score
"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 has come to my attention that you have asked people to tell their opinions on the effects computers have on people. In my opinion computers do not have a good effect. The reason I think that is because kids are on the computer instead of doing their homework, people do not exercise as much because they are always on the computer and they do not spend as much time with their family and friends, @CAPS2 are many kids that go on the computer all night and never get to doing their homework. I read an article that said, ""Computers are the number one problem for kids not doing their homework."" People get @CAPS4 distracted on the computer that they never end up doing anything else. Eight out of ten kids say that they sometimes don't do their homework because they get distracted on the computer. I interviewed a student in the @NUM1 grade and she said, ""@CAPS3 class inastly gets all homework done but sometimes we forget when we are on the computer. That is really the only reason we don't do @CAPS1."" @CAPS4 computers are not a very good electronic if kids are not getting their homework done because of @CAPS1. But that is not the only bad thing about them. Since people are always on computers they don't get out and exercise as much. Instead they sit and play games on a computer. I found this quote in an article I was reading ""@CAPS5 since I started spending a lot of time on the computer I have gained weight because I am not out exercising,"" Exercising and going outside is a very important things to do but people cannot do @CAPS1 if they are always on the computer. Nine out of ten people say that @CAPS5 since they started going on the computer a lot, they have not gone outside or exercised in a while. I interviewed a women and she said, ""I had to not go on the computer for a while because I realized that @CAPS1 was not good for me and I needed exercise."" People get @CAPS4 distracted on computers that they never go outside to exercise anymore. @CAPS2 are still some reasons why computers are not very good. Spending time with your family and friends is a very important thing to do, but with computers people to not do @CAPS1 that much anymore. In a magazine I read @CAPS1 said, ""People are not spending time with their friends and family because they are on the computer instant messaging."" Computers are keeping people from spending time together. Nine out of ten families say that they have realized they don't spent as much time together because of computers. I interviewed some kids and said, "" I don't spend a lot of time with family or friends. I am mostly on the computer instant messaging."" Computers are deffinitely not a good thing for families. Those are the reasons why I think computers do not have a good effect on people. Kids are on the computer and don't do their homework, people do not exercise as much and they don't spend as much time with family or friends.",3.9436212
"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 you know that two out of three @CAPS2 own a computer? Computers are a very helpful tool that benefit everyone in society. They allow people to communicate with eachother, learn, and teach hand-eye coordination and other good things for school.. Computers are a very useful and beneficial part of society. The advance in technology has upgraded computers, and now allows people to communicate through them. For example, new webcams allow people to actually see and talk to each other from you computer screen. This allows people no matter how far to talk to each other and stay in touch. With my webcam I am able to keep in touch with my cousins in @LOCATION1. Another way of communication is through email. Through the internet, people can type messages back and forth. It is very fast and easy allowing people to talk to each other more and communicate. As well as webcams and email computers grants people access to communication websites such as @CAPS3 (instant messaging) or @CAPS4. These websites people message each other back and forth very quickly and easily. It is not difficult to do, like writing a letter would be, so people can communicate more efficiently and easily. Computers are very helpful for communication along with @CAPS6. Computers are an advancement that could help people learn more about anything. For instace, they could learn about foreigh plaus. All they would have to do is go to the internet, type what they were @CAPS5 for, and it would come up on the screen. It would allow people to learn about places all over the world. Also, people can see pictures on the computer. For example, if someone wanted to go on vacation faraway, they could type in the place and see what it looks like. However, the computer does not just show places. People could also see animals, other people, the environments, and anything else they want to learn about. Plus, with new websites being created, people could actually see what the earth looks like from space. They can look at houses, the wonders of the world, and much more computers give people the opportunity to learn about so much more. @CAPS6 more would help people, especially students to have a better education. If you ask anyone in school, they will tell you that computers are a very useful tool. Firstly it allows them to type. Students can type a project or paper on the computer faster and easier. It will also look neater and more orginized. Plus, computers teach students hand-eye coordination. By typing or even just clicking the mouse, students are bettering their coordination. This is due to the fast while they are @CAPS5 at the screen and typing or clicking, they have a sense of direction and know what to hit or where to put their hands without even @CAPS5. Lastly, computers help students because if they need help, they can just ask one of their friends through the computer. Students would better understand the content they are @CAPS6 and when they go to school, they would already know it. Therefore, computers would lead to students getting better grades. Computers play a big role in society today. They are a way of communication, @CAPS6, and allows students to do better in school. Overall, computers are a very beneficial tool in our society.",4.2256165
"Dear, @ORGANIZATION1. There has been lots of talk and arguments about computers and wether they benefits the society. I belive it does benefit society. One reson is because you can communicate with others. Another reson is theirs many things to do on these computers or even the world wide web. Haveing computers is always handy. You can talk or web chat with friends. This one time online I found my old friend from @LOCATION1, that I havened seen in five years. Whenever I come home from school I'll go on the computer and talk to all my friends. The computers a great place to make plans or to catch up with some buddies. My next reson for why they benifit society is theirs so much to do. It's like an at home amusment park. The internet is a wonderfull thing. either to do home work or play games. even some @ORGANIZATION1 I'll just sit down for two or three hours and just play a game. But, i still exercise daily. yes, computers can get addicting but, its always good to go outside and exersise. Many people say over @PERCENT1 of the @CAPS1. population has a computer, and @PERCENT2 check email or go on the computer every ten minutes. yes its not heathy but its their dissition. In conclution I belive computers are indeed benifical. I have stated many resons why. such as, They are great for communication or @CAPS2 up with some friends, also theirs an infinint amount of things to do. So if you don't have a computer go out and get one. They will be worth your wild.",3.2654364
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, A regular day for a person, with a computer, includes at least three hours using the computer per day. Today, people, especially teens, spend their precious hours wasting time on sites like facebook, myspace @CAPS1 and more! Just think about it, just sitting in a chair with your eyes gluded to the computer when you could be exercising, spending time with family and friends or enjoying nature? After all do we really need a computer? Obesity is one of the highest concerns in the country today. However, we can prevent it! We are certainly not helping this issue when we have childre. Adults sitting in a chair for a large part of their day doing absolutley nothing! We are so fortonate, our town has at least two physical fitness buildings for anyone can attend instead of using the computer. ANd even if you can't attend a gym you could easily walk around your neighborhood. There are running program held at our local beach, @LOCATION1, where you can exercise or even run a small competition! Please exercising is key to everybody's health and there are numerous ways to exercise, but using the computer is not one of them! Teachers, parents, children writers everyone lets stay away from the computers and stay fit! Family and friends are those who make us truly hapy but if we on the computer how are we going to see them? More and more people are making less effort to see people in person. Instead many people video chat through cameras on the computer. We need to change this habit. Everybody needs to socialize face to face. If we socialize through computers our socializing skills could worsen because you are not practicing the socializing skills like eye contatct. Instead of talking to people online we could be enjoying with those same people at an amusment park, a restaurant, at a park or simply in our barkyard/house. The world is so beautiful with so many places to see but society is too busy to see it because we're on computer for a long time. Our computers use up so much energy and is a threat to the world, @CAPS2 @CAPS3! Instaed of entertaining ourselves on computer we could be taking hikes, walks on the beach even our street or playing outside in our yard. On a computer you can see a magestic places like beaches but you can't interact with them. If we get off our computer we could be swimming at a beach or a pool! Nature is so beautiful, why ever it? @PERCENT1 of residents in @LOCATION1 own computers and spend a lot of thier day on it. We could be improving obesity, spending more time with family and friends, and exploring Nature! lets make a shange so we can do all of these things!",4.400258
"Libraries are places of learning. Books, magazines, movies, and all types of media are placed there for the same specific purpose: to learn and explore. When we visit libraries, we expect to find the information that we came there looking for. Whether the topic is something as simple as wanting to learn about a type of flower or researching the infamous 'In @CAPS1 @CAPS2', we want the truth and information in its rawest form.      Materials should never be denied from the library. It always has some kind of value. Whether it be for cultural,spiritual, entertainment, or whatever kind of purpose, books can serve as a purpose for information and exploration into a new world. Books that are viewed as 'censored', are only being viewed from one standpoint. Another person might find this book exactly what they are looking for. If someone sees a book as 'offensive' they must step into another person's shoes and see where they are coming from; where this type of information @MONTH1 be helpful to someone else. Touchy issues such as the @CAPS3 or books to do with religion @MONTH1 be considered censored, but that's only concerning one group of people. What about the other percentage?     Now, don't get me wrong. I don't think that racy or graphic movies or magazines should be allowed into the library, but any type of material containing legitiment cultural, educational, entertaining, and others of the sort, purposes should ever be denied from the library. From working at a local library, I know that when people sign up to be a member of the library they sign an agreement that they know what kind of materials they can check out. So forth for agreeing with what they're allowing to let their children check out. If parents and guardians think that libraries are pushing censored content on their children, they should read the fine print! They are allowing their children to be exposed to this. And all 'this' is, is information and entertainment in the raw.      Libraries are created to allow an open access to information for anyone. These materials should include information on any topic the library can get in their possession. None should be denied. People rely on libraries as a source of knowledge, and we need to work to keep that source ever growing",3.9755259
"Do I believe that certain materials, suck as books, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive? No I do not believe this statement for many reasons. If anybody cold take books off the shelves in the libraries, there would no longer be any use for libraries, students in school will have a harder time learning about certian topics in the world, it would defeat the purpus of having the ability of freedom of speech, we could easily avoid this problem if needed.     One reason I believe that taking books off the shelves is because, if we all have the right to take books we find offensive there would no longer be any books no the shelves. This would limit us the ability for students to learn about many important topics in the world. Just the other day I heard a lady telling her daughter that she was not going to allow her to go to school the day they have 'the talk', (sex education for students in grade six), because she thought she was too young to learn about that area of education. Yes, that @MONTH1 be true, but it also means that her daughter is not going to know about the many diseases you can get from underage, and or unpretected sex. This @MONTH1 lead her daughter to having sex at a young age and getting pregnate, or some kind of disease, that could have easily been prevented with a little education from library books, or a class at school.     Another reason I do not believe in the right of taking books from the shelves is because, when we are taking these books off the shelves, we are taking someones very hard work and just throwing it into the trash. In my opinion it is very disrespectful to the authors, and anybody else who was involved in writing those books. Just because you do not agree with what they are writing does not mean you can just throw it away. This would being defeating the purpose of haveing freedom of speech. Taking those books off the shelves is basically telling the authors that they are not aloud to write about what they want and publish it. It is also telling them that they are not allow to state thier oppinion.     This problem could easily be avoided if needed. For example, those books, music pieces, movies, magizines, etc., could be put in a seprate section of the library, and only make it availble to adults of a certain age. Have the books, and other writing pieces rated in the same way that movies are. This would be a very simple and effective way to solve this problem.     Like I mentioned earlier I strongly disagree with giving citizens the right to take certain materials, suck as books, movies, music, magazines, ect., off the shelves if you or anyone else find them offensive. It could effect the community in many ways, it is very rude and disrespectful to the autor of that piece of writing, and there are simple solutions to this problem",3.8238883
"In my opinion I agree that it benefits society. The reasons that support my decision are lots of buisnesses use computers to work, fast food resturants use computers, and schools use computers. Computers are all needed just for those reasons. My first reason is buisneses use computers to work. Workers use computers for designing, filing peoples names, and to type papers, and essays. People in the designing industry don't use paper and pencil anymore, because they use designing softwares to work. Instead of filing in a cabinet people and workers use computers to put their patients, clients, and workers. Computers can hold more information and files than cabinets can. People also type papers and essays for work. For example, news reporters have to write a report and type it for their company in order to get it to publish. If workers in buesness were to need to use computers to file, type, and design clothes and games. My second reason is that fast food resrurants or even resturants use computers, instead of using cash registers. For example @ORGANIZATION2 or @ORGANIZATION1 use technology to type in peoples orders, and amount they pay. Back then they used to use cash registers, in order to get money out they need to click a button, but now the have all locked up using computers. Every resturant has at least a touch screen computer in it to use. So resturants need computers to survive the world. My third reason is schools need computers for students and teachers to write reports, file the students name and grades into it. Students in classes write reports for projects or even for class work. Teachers need computers to file the students name, grades, and information, instead of using a cabinet. Teachers also use computers to make homework pages and they need to print stuff off of word. So schools use and need computers for students and teachers use. In conclusion I agree that computers benefit society, because buisnesses need them to work, design, and file, and fast food resturants so they can take peoples orders and to use in schools for students and teachers use. So thats why it benefits the society.",3.8123088
"Many people have different views on different types of things. There is not much that can be helped with that. No one can never make everybody happy. That is a major part of life. I do not think they should remove materials from libraries just because some people find them offensive. You cannot make everyone happy, some people enjoy those materials, and everyone is entitiled to their own opinion.     The first reason they should not remove offensive materials from the library is because you will not make everybody happy by doing that. Just because some people take offense to certain things, does not mean that everyone does. If they do not like it, they do not have to read it or listen to it. They have libraries so you can pick out books (and other materials) that you like. You have a choice there. There are lots of books that are at libraries around the world. People are going to be mad whether they are there or not. Have you ever heard the saying '@CAPS1't judge a book by its cover?' @CAPS2, well that could also be a reason people want materials removed. They might see a 'suggestive' cover or something, and they might take total offense to that. Just because a cover of a book might make people take offense to it doesn't mean they should remove it.      The second reason offensive materials should not be removed is because it is enjoyable for some people. There is a reason it is in the library, and that reason is because some people enjoy it. If there was a book or magazine that never got checked out, do you think they would keep it? Nope. I am pretty sure if it never got checked out, they would get rid of it. Obviously someone has to read, listen, or watch it. People get offended by things everyday. Removing 'offensive' materials from libraries will not be much help to the problem. It @MONTH1 help a little, but there are still going to be people who get offended so easily.      The third reason they should keep materials is because everyone is entitled to their own opinion. Just because some people think that there are offensive materials in the library does not mean other people do. For some people, taking away things like that would be like making kids at school wear uniforms. It takes away freedom. We are living in @LOCATION1. @LOCATION1 is supposed to be a free country. It is really not a free country when you have people taking away books and movies because they are offensive to people. I got news for you. If you @CAPS1't like it, @CAPS1't read it. There is no harm at all by keeping materials on shelves.      No matter what, someone is always going to take offense to something. The world is not perfect, and it is never going to be perfect. Taking materials off the shelves because it is offensive to some people isn't going to make the world a better place. People are going to be mad or angry no matter what happens",4.1307445
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 you ever just wanna go out side and play a game of football with the ones you love? Well I know I @CAPS2. I believe that almost @PERCENT1 of kid are on the computer @NUM1 because they have nothing to @CAPS2 or it is addicting. The reson that I belive in this strongly true stament. That people are consurnet about how much time people spend on the computer and not with ther familys. One important fact about kid being on the comuter is how dangours it can be. Now a days kids don't relize how dangours being online can be for example I rember a time when my cousin said that he went to the movies to meat up with some girl he meat on myspace but all he saw was a, balet hewdet, sex ofender. That told him he was the one talking to him online. That he wanted my cousin to go over his house and play x-box and my cousin screamed hell no and leaft to my house cause the movie theater wher closer to my house. Know being safe is important. Would you rater have your children safe with you or with some stranger? Computer can also be helpful at time when needed for school or you job. Only people would think its fun to home and go on the computer for no reason. Second of an dont you want to spend time with children before they go to college or some thing? Just the littlest thing like playing a game of football will affect them to create a better with you and you chiled. Some thing you can @CAPS2 to get them to go out side with you is take the computer away for a week and have fun with your child. Play some of his/her favorite sports. So with the computer computer. without a bond with you and you chiled. So the time has come to make a let your kid be lazy on the computer and get into or go have fun with them?",3.2330728
"Imagine walking out of your home and you see right down the street a giant bonfire, right in the open.  You see men walking into a library empty handed and walk out carrying armfuls of books, magazines, movies, and other media.  The men then toss them into the raging inferno and you seem them become incinerated, lost forever.  This is what will happen if we let censorship of our libraries take place. We should not let censorship of our libraries take place since it violates a constitutional right, will gradually make our society more and more ignorant, and will let this nation slide from a democratic nation to one where the beliefs and ideals of the people are controlled by a small group of people.     Letting censorship of our libraries take place will violate a basic constitutional right, plain and simple.  In the @ORGANIZATION1 it clearly says that there will be freedom of the press.  By tossing out certain literary works this right will be thrown to the side and by violating one constitutional right, what will come next? Will our freedom of speech be negated, or our freedom to assemble?  As citizens of the @LOCATION1 we can not let this happen to our great nation.     By allowing certain books and essays to be thrown out of our libraries, the people's knowledge base will eventually shrink down drastically.  For example take @PERSON1's theory of evolution, a very sensitive subject among people of the @CAPS1 faith.  If all of his works regarding that were to be thrown out, much information that was very valuable to biologists would be lost and those biologists would not be able to improve upon the existing pool of information.  If this was to take place our civilization would experience a lessening intellect and a expanding ignorance regarding many fields of knowledge.     Picture @CAPS2 in the @DATE1.  Hitler's @ORGANIZATION2 has taken power and our systematically destroying all materials they find to be subversive to the @ORGANIZATION2 cause, only allowing materials that contained beliefs and ideals that they thought were correct to exist in libraries.  This is exactly what we would be doing if we allowed censorship of our libraries to take place.  The censoring of the libraries would be controlled by a relatively small group of people which means that the censoring would be controlled by that same people's beliefs and ideals, and those same beliefs and ideals would thus  be forced upon the people, shaping the beliefs and ideals of the masses to those select few.       In conclusion, letting censorship take place in our public libraries will dismantle the basic structure of our society by violating a constitutional right, making our society gradually become more and more ignorant, and letting the beliefs and ideals of our people rest in the hands of a select few.  This is not what our @CAPS3 @CAPS4 envisioned @LOCATION2 to become and they were right.  Letting censorship exist in our public libraries is simply wrong",4.515168
"Many books, movies, and magazines are made for the different age groups of adults and children.  I do agree that certain books are not approperiate for some children.  Is it right for some parents to ban books from schools and libraries?  Authors create books and stories because they like the idea, and students can wright what we want on paper because it's what we want it's called freedom.  Schools can try to be creative and have a way to only allow books to the approperate age groups.     Books are a great part of a students learning.  Parents need to learn, and understand no matter how much they don'@CAPS1 like it that they can'@CAPS1 protect their children from the world some day they will be moved out of the house supporting themselves.  How would childern and teens even know how to live or what and how to react to hearing a bad word or watching sexual on @CAPS1.V.  If students never know how will they live.       Books can be learning in many ways.  Some things a teenager might be experiencing a parent might not want to talk about with their child.  Maybe the family can'@CAPS1 afford to buy a pass to the public library. So the only other option is the school library books.  If students can'@CAPS1 have access to then whats the option for them?  Everyone knows how today's society is changing, if a student wants to learn about sex or @ORGANIZATION1's they should be able to if the age is approprite.     All libraries check out books so the book is under a name.  I know at our school students just come in and take the books instead of checking them out, but some students do still use the card and check the book out.  If schools had books that our for only a certain age group a soultion to getting the older students to check them out and only the right age could be the books are in a case that is locked up.  So for the student to have the book unlocked and checked they have an electronic key to unlock books for the age group they are in. When the student unlocks the book and goes to check it out the computer knows what books that specific student can get.  Books are very important to learning and all books need to stay and not get blocked by  parents.",3.6687474
"Censorship in libraries? Is it a problem? Should we fix this 'problem' or is it for the good? People of different culture, background, and life could be profound by these articles in readings. Can these books be offensive? They could be offensive to some but to others only educational. Statements have been made all over the world of people speaking on what they believe is right or wrong. How many people believe that censorship in libraries is really offensive and should be removed from libraries?     Who really are the victims when books and magazines are being thrown off the shelves? The author of that specific article that's who. If it is said that every reading that comes off offensive should be taken off the shelves, then what would be left on them. Some people @MONTH1 take romances being offensive or comedy or horror. Romance could be hurtful to someone only because they maybe just got out of an relationship, or comedy because they are miserable and don't know how to laugh anymore or know what happiness is. Who knows? Opinions such as these would be only terrible for business but also terrible for the educational and history part of life itself.           People of different races and cultures @MONTH1 have another opinion on the situation of censorship. From all over the world there are cultures spreading throughout. Born into a religion could be a huge affect on what their outcome is on a book, magazine, or a movie. Movies of past experiences or massacres that happened to a cultrue @MONTH1 be difficult for some people of that culture to take in. The normal response to a movie such as that would be to become angry or frustrated. Only for others it is an oppertunity to learn what those people went through and grieve for the loss of the people during that time. To support the people who made it through those heart breaking times and become a friend to them and learn more about them, their culture, and way of life.      Have you seen protests arouse before you? Anywhere in the world? On television, hear it on the radio, or see it in the newspaper. Everyone has most likely seen this type of protest or attack on the opinion of another person. There have been protest in the past of the freedoms of a person or even race. If everyone begins to complain and argue of what is being put on shelves in libraries. What will come of our world? What will we know about the past? What will we begin to predict for the future? Anyone, and even I can make observations of the acts going on around us. In my experience, I have seen of attacks being struck upon people who only put a picture in the newspaper, or a small article spoke out on television. Who are we to say that everything needs to be removed off the shelves in libraries? These are just people who have been hurt and don't want to relive that experience.      Overall, my opinion on if censorship in libraries should be extinguished. I believe the answer is no, every person in the world is going to be upset, hurt, or broken about something at least a million times in their life time from now on. Whether it be in books, music, movies, magazines, or anything else. They just need to understand that without any one person's culture that there would be no history of life before us",4.2429476
"How would you like it if someone took a book away from you, just because it had @CAPS1 language or nasty meaning? I mean of course there are certain books that should be censored, but in doing so you exclude @CAPS1 great novels from the past. These novels were acceptable back then. If you want to censor boks do so in your own library.     Personaly, I don't believe in the censorship of books. It the author meant to write the book that way then the writing should stay that exact way. Censoring destroys books and the learning curriculum of multiple students. You would censor a school book if it had @CAPS1 graphic text between its covers.     There are tons of books that have bad language and perverse ideas. These books were penned to educate our civilization. If you take away those books, then you will be harming our societies ability to learn. Books, I believe should not be offensive unless your a self-conscious person. Reading a book is a delightful experience, it shouldn't be marred by censorships.      In my personal experience, I have had no problem reading a exquisit novel that has @CAPS1 minor graphic details. I do not care if there is a explicit word in my reading. Albeit, @CAPS1 neive persons have it in there will to remove offensive articles, not for public good, but for personal gain. These offensive tactics are a disgrace to literature and culture. @CAPS1 of the books writen in today's world are far less explicit then before. Thus, we would be creating that unwanted barrier.     When the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 burned the @CAPS4 books, we almost lost a whole civilizations culture and literature. This should never happen to today's literature. If we censor the books in our libraries, then we will be loosing a certain aspect of our culture. The censorship of the articles of reading in our libraries should be kept to personal libraries and only to personal libraries. The libraries are public for a reason.      In conclusion, Censorship should not be placed in libraries because it disrupts the public literature. If the books were meant to be read that way, then so be it. We are not the destroyer of classic literature, and it should never come to that.",3.8485887
"Dear @CAPS1, Computers can have a positive effect or a negative effect on people. It all depends on how you look at it and what type of person you are. You can say computers have a very positive effect on people or say computers have a very negative effect on people. My opinion is that computers have a positive effect on people but you can't say that I am just a kid and she plays on it all the time. Well that is true however, it can teach you hand-eye coordination. For @CAPS2 what I am doing right now is learning to type faster and faster. Another @CAPS2 is some people are faster at typing than writing but some people write faster than type. Me personally am faster at than writing. My final reason is after a hard day at school or work you can come home, play some music and relax. It is a good idea to learn how to type fast so if you are let's say writing a story for school. You just started the story and it is due tomorrow. What are you going to do well if you stared to type when you were younger by the time you are in the middle school you could type really fast. That way you could finish your story in time. This means you should learn haw to type faster. Some people prefer to write than type but other people prefer to type than write. I personally prefer to type than write but that is just me. Let's say a friend of mine like to write more than type that is ok. We will not be not friends after that we will just like the same thing that is all. This means some people prefer to write than type. This probably happens after a hard day at school or work you can come home use the computer to play some music and relax. You can play all the music you want. As well as do other things as well as the same time. For @CAPS2, I play music and talk to my friends at the same time. I @CAPS3 use it to do homework. In conclusion, it is a good idea to keep computers to use. People can still enjoy nature as well as computers at the same time. Over all computers have a positive effect on people.",3.4281764
"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers are a vey unique and advanced device. They give entetainment, pleasure, and knowledge for some people. I do not agree with the fact that computers are a good part of society. Although you do need computers. There are some reasons to which I am saying this. Typing s faster than hand writing and its neater. With all the different websites, you can advertise and buy important thing bat the internet and talk to people froma round the world. With all of these good reasons there should be an instant choice of it they're good or bad. But there is a main reason. It's areason that tells it is bad. Computers are for people. People had can't get off their write a hand written report or drive to the store to buy something. Not it. If computers never exiled, the world would no doubt be better all around place. There a lot of reason in which computers are bad. They hold information which can be hacked and by somebody thay you don't want to know something. Cyber bullying is a bad thing about computer. Another big is those stupid online games. People get addicted then they become lazy and eventually obese. So as I said before, part of society and should be. This would be of good importance to me if you took my letter into. Remember that computers can take advantage of your life and make you into you're not. make that descision I hope that you live a full life and enjoy reading my letter. P.S. Try not to get involved with any online games being in a nationwide disease. ",3.2919695
"I belive that offensive books should be taken off the shelf. Some books are offensive and some are inaproprate. The libarian could get rid of the books, so the little kids can'@CAPS2 get the inaproprate book. Movies that are rate '@CAPS1' and above should be removed. Anything that has an 'A' rating should be removed, the libaries are a public place to rent and return, buy or sell, or to trade movies, books, and etc. Keeping the books that are safe for kids is important for their mental health.     Anything inaproprate could be censored by a black marker. The old libuary I used to go to, had all the slang, cus-words, and etc, all marked out with a black sharpie. Some of the movies were thrown out of the rating '@CAPS2' to all the above, the magazines, had marks on the pages also, censored the slag in the magazine. The music at the libuary was blocked, some music was not blocked, and the rest were the censored part of the songs. The librares should do the same like the old one did.",2.593895
"I think that some books in the library some people might take offensive. But some of those books have a meaning behind it.            I think theres one book out there that alot of people love to read, and that is @CAPS1 @CAPS2. The book uses the '@CAPS3' word alot and many people take that offensive, but why? There was a big arguement about alot of book companies changing the word in the book to @CAPS4 @CAPS5.             From my perspective I think it should stay the same. Why change that now? Many english teachers use that book because it talks about a white boy named @CAPS6 saving @PERSON1. Its not being used in a bad why at all just using the terms of how they did back in the olden days. The book is strong and shows readers a strong aspect in life.             Yes you shouldn't go around saying that word, but also not change it now, after its been out for along time to the public. The book would not bring the same meaning as it would if it is  being changed",2.4800692
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you know, more and more people are starting to use computers. In my opinion, I think the computer does benefit society in many ways. One positive effect it has on people is that they can communicate. Through the computer, people are able to send messages to each other. If someone doesn't have a phone or car, they can simply go online, write a message, and click the send button. This is an easy way to communicate with someone who lives half way around the world @CAPS2 well. If you have family members who live far away, you can also send them pictures of yourself, friends/family, and places you've been to. They can receive them and also send pictures back. Another positive effect computers have on people is that they can learn new things. The internet allows you search different topics and basically has everything and anything you could ever think of. If you go on @ORGANIZATION1 and type in a word like 'dog,' you'll see a bunch of websites that will take you to other websites that are just about dogs. You can find a list naming types of dogs, how old a dog can live up to, where most dogs are found, how to care for them well, etc. The internet lets you explore new things and help find ideas. You name it; they got it. The computer also cames in handy when you have nothing to do. If you're bored and can't play outside because the weather is bad or you broke your leg, you can play computer games, listen to music online, or write your own story on a word document. Playing computer games can teach you techniques to help play a game better, @CAPS2 well @CAPS2 keep you busy. If you want to listen to music to keep yourself entertained, you can go on @CAPS3 or other sites and find any song you want to hear. It's better than listening to the radio because sometimes you don't like the song that's giving. If you're also in the mood to write a story, you can open a word document or if you just want to type whats on your mind. @CAPS2 you can see, I think the computer is a facinating tool to use. You can communicate, learn new things, and keep yourself entertained if you're not able to do something active. Just remember, whenever you can, go out and play or hang out with friends and family.",3.6016235
"Dear newspaper editor, I think we should have internet, or computers at our houses. We should have it because we can chat with our friends and family, noone would get bored doing nothing and we learn new things from different websites. We should be able to communicate to our friends and family @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people in our school think having a computer is good. For example my friend moved to @LOCATION1, we couldn't talk on the phone. It was long distance I talk to her over facebook. There are a lot of websites you can talk on like facebook, twitter or even myspace you can even skype. skype is when you have a webcam and you talk threw it. My mom said that most of her friends chat online with her. It doesn't matter how old are you. Anyone can learn important things. There are a lot of websites that are educational @PERCENT1 things on the computer are worth having. If you are old and you can't go to school just go to google and type any math term, science, @CAPS1, or even learning a new language. Everytime I have to do my social studies homework I go online trust me it's really helpful. Some things on the computer are very fun. You won't get bored on the type of games they have. A lot of parents complain that their children are doing bad things in the streets. The do there kind of things, because are bored @NUM3 people think that statement is true. If they had a computer, and playing games, or talking to friends, they would be like they are. @STATE1 and @PERSON1 are two state that have more people that go on the computer than any others states. Remember it's not only fun. Everyone enjoys having a computer. I think we should have internet access because we can do a lot of things some people think it's bad, but not everything is. We should have a computer, because, we can chat with friends, we can learn important and interestings things and we won't get bored. I hope you made up your mind and decided that all internet access is not a waste of time. I'm not the only one that thinks that "" a computer is what keeps or alive"".",3.6440911
"Alot of people would disagree that computers are benefiting people. But I think that computers are exremely helpful because they are a good way to learn, they are fun to use, and it's also a goodway to talk to old friends. I know there are some people who are on computers alot more than they should but still computers are very helpful. Computers are a very good way to learn because on a computer you could easily find out whi the @CAPS1 of @LOCATION1 is. But if you didn't use a computer and you went to a library it could take hours to find the right and find were in the book it is. You could also learn about news faster without writing for it to come on the news channel. Computers are a lot beter than having to drive to a library because with just a couple as clicks you could find what you want and be done. Computers are also fun because you can play little games on the internet that could easily take up on extra @NUM1 minutes that yu might have on a work break or before school. And even some games exercise your mind like solitare its fun but hard. But there are some games that people tend to over do because they go addicted. But most people haven't ever prayed a game like that or only play once in a while. Lastly computers are a good way to stay in touch with old friends because there are a lot of ways to talk to people online like say if when you were in high school your best friends moved away you sould still talk to people on a chat room were you can text. or a video chat were you actualy see them face to face. In conclusion I think computers are helpful because you can learn, play and talk to people. Computers are best all around helpful.",3.3252363
"Have you ever had a book, movie, or magazine offend you? Have you ever wished that no one else will ever have to read it? Should those offensive materials be removed from libraries? I don't think they should. The books, movies, and other materials should be marked saying that they @MONTH1 be found offensive.      From my own experience I know how easily one can be offended by a book or movie. Many times I have read a book that has completely contradicted my religion. Most times I will ignore it and move on to a better book or movie. Sometimes it is harder to ignore. I always try to forget and move forward with my life, as others should do.      Have you ever read the book The @CAPS1? If you have you are aware that there are some ideas in this book that bring up many controversies. One example from the book would be when they kill some of the children. Most people, like myself, do not agree with this idea. They think that it is wrong. Again some people @MONTH1 try to get this book banned, but it is still a wonderful literature.     As you @MONTH1 have seen in the media lately, many people are trying to get the book @CAPS2 @CAPS3 removed from schools. Some people have found the book as offensive because it repeatedly refers to native americans by a more profound word. The law has not passed yet and has remained in schools. The law hasnt passed because it does not affect everyone. Some people @MONTH1 not find this offensive. Therefore it was not removed.      Removing offensive books from libraries is the exact same thing. Some people @MONTH1 find the books offensive while others @MONTH1 not. Removing the books from everyone's reach would be appauling. The book @MONTH1 only be offensive to one race or religion. Why not simply put a warning label for that race or religion? That would take care of the problem by putting the decision of reading it and being offended in their hands. Possibly it isnt that the books are offensive to a race or religion, maybe it is to an age group. If that is the problem then the librarians can put those books in the appropriate age section.      I have given reasons from my own experiences, other readings, and my obersavations in the media. I only hope that you consider my ideas. Do not remove the books from the shelf only because it is offensive to one person. Simply put a warning label on the book after a few complaints. This would put the responsibility of being offended in thier hands. Once again I do not think that offensive materials should be removed from our libraries only censored to the people of whom it is offensive",4.135152
"Dear People of @LOCATION2, @CAPS1 many hours a day do you spend being active? Now answer me this, @CAPS1 much time do you spend on you computer? To many @CAPS2 today are sitting down in front of a computer, laptop, ecetra, while not enough are lacing up their shoes for a jog. Computers are ruining us, they deter our social skills, damage our health and cause us to be lazy. They are unbenificial to our society. To start with, millions of people sign up for @CAPS3, @CAPS4, and other website like these to reconnect with people. Do you realize what this means? Now no one has to get in a car and go visit any one else. There is no longer a need to interact with other life forms, nor is there a want to. Lets say there's a woman sitting on her couch. All of a sudden her face lights up with the thought of her friend @PERSON1. She gets up to go start the car, but hey eye catches on the computer. She bites her lip, trying to decide wether to go see her, or have an online chat. Feeling lazy, she sits down. Do you really want that happening to everyone? To late it already has. Moving along, i'd like to take a moment to talk about our health. As most of us knows, fresh air is good for us. Imagine this, you're walking through the woods on a trail. The crisp, cool air, tickles you skin, and breathing it in just makes you smile. Your entire body feels energized from the treking. With passels of days like this ahead, you can'@CAPS7 wait. Now imagine this, your sitting in front of a computer, in a hot, stuffy room. You back aches from being in this posistion so long. Plus you think your getting a cold and you have migrane. You'd get off, but you have another app request. You @CAPS6'@CAPS7 feel like moving back to reality which do you prefer? Above and beyond all this, there's exercise to worry about. I mean, when's the last time that you yourself went on a bike ride? I'm sure you know that it's good for your body if you exercise, but your to busy on the computer. I think it's safe to say that half of @LOCATION1 would rather update their @CAPS4 than get up and move. It's crucial to our health that we get active. To sum up, alot of us are pondering wether or not to spend more time on the compuer. Well here's you answer, ""@CAPS6'@CAPS7."" Not enough people are interacting now a days, their spending the best years of their lifes stuffed up in a house, and most importantly, let's face it, their getting fat. Computers are taking over our lives it's now, or never, make the change to a better and more satisying lifestyle. Please @LOCATION1, turn off the computer.",4.1590548
"How would you feel if you were forced to only enjoy the exact things that everyone else enjoys? If you were limited to only certain subjects because all of the other choices were thrown out you might begin to feel trapped. Everyone in this world is different from the next person. So I believe that each person should be able to read any book they would like without any restrictions. Some reasons for my opinion are personal values, unique interests, and the fact that people should have a right to read the books that they like without judgement from others.     For my first reason goes along with personal values. For example a person of higher authority @MONTH1 find a particular book, magazine, or movie inappropriate due to their values and beliefs. So if this person is the owner of the library they would be able to throw out all books and movies pertaining to that topic. This would make it unfair for the people who do enjoy these topics.      My next reason is that every single person has their own unique interests. If someone begins to dispose of books that they are not interested in the library will lose all of the visitors that do find that topic enjoyable. This can cause the library problems and be a disappointment to those who find reading about that certain topic a great way to pass time. Everyone likes different things and has different views. They should not be forced to read only the things that are selected by another person.     People should also have a right to read the books that they like without judgement from others. I know from experience that being ostracized for doing what you enjoy is completely unfair. If everyone did the things that every other person does our world would not accomplish anything out of the ordinary. Many people find inspiration from books and movies so if these were limited to only particular subjects people would begin to feel pressured to be the same. Every person should have a right to enjoy the things that make them happy without being hurt by the opinions and judgements of others.     Books should be something that each person should have a choice in. If there are endless choices of books and movies a person could learn about many different things and develope a more open mind. If everyone in this world opened their mind people would become more accepting of others. So I believe anything that is published should be there for the public to read. No one should be limited because of other people's values or interest. The right to read the books, magazines, and watch the movies you like should always be present.",3.8398142
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I felt shoeked to see that there are people that beileve that computers don't benefit society and after hearing that I felt compelled to share my opinions. They help socitey. They help us communicate, do important thing have fun. Computers help us communicate in many ways. We all want to talk to our freinds, but we can not be with our freidns all the time, so there is she internet to help us. We also all have freinds we don't see very often, but we still want to talk to them so with is intenet we can talk to them as long as we went. Computers also help us make new freinds. They can also ehlpo us have fun. Computers are fun for many different reasons. Social networking sites, like facebook or myspace, are fun to be on. There are many fun things to do or the internet including video games, many video games consoles are attatched to the intenet so you can play with your freinds. But computers arent just all fun and games. Computers can transfer very important information including homework after schol activities. Computers also hold all of our governments information, from thingsas insignificant as plans for renovation on a town owned building to the department homeland security to the united states of without computers none of that would be possible. This should have conclude you that computers nessesary in our every day from communication, to very things computers have helped us and will to help us in the future.",3.1415765
"Dear, @LOCATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 I think that although computers are very helpful to socity. Thire also paseing a problem to it for example people are out there that adicted to computers and will in a dark area for hours just on the computer also its not helping the fact that there obessity in @LOCATION2 I explain that to you but any ways this thing that teaching are youth could very much hurt them. Computer junkies what are they? A computer junkie is someone who woke up in the morning at @TIME1 and and stay on it for a good past @NUM1 hours this is a problem that @PERCENT1 of are @CAPS1 youth have topic @MONTH1 be not be big to but it is a problem must know my brothers addict to his laptop he spends hours in his bedroom watching anime japanise cartoons and not eating anything the whole day. Never leaves his room and my mom get so tired of trying to drag him out of his room she just quit and it gets annoying after a while a little computer isnt bad but alot is. Obeasity is a growing problem in are nation and computers arent helping infact computers are making matters worse by having items being shiped to them of in extent of the obesse person getting up used and leaving of they could lose a little wieght and now you can order offline and have it deliverd to your door @CAPS2 @CAPS3 market such as @CAPS4 @CAPS5 domino @CAPS4 and @LOCATION3 jade have been a part of this issue stop online @CAPS3 ordering. The computer is a great way to learn about things but it also a great way to become a junkie and fat:",3.2779655
"I am writing this article to inform you on how most people are spending their time an computers. In this article I am going to tell you about computers and what people are doing with them these days. Some people use their computers for business of work related. But then again these are people that use them for entertainment and other social things. These are the people that just sit on the computer all day. What they could be doing is enjoying life. Going outside and getting fresh air. But no they want to sit inside all day long on the computer. Now is why do people want to stay inside all day long on the computer some people are constantly on their social websites. Such as @CAPS1 or @CAPS2. They are obsessed so thoes are teo websites that are very addicting to some people. and then these are the people who just like looking things up. Then lastly just get off, go spend time with your family the computer will always be there. And use the computer only when you need to. Yeah its fun to go look up things for your entertainment. But all things are good in moderation. So I hope you will listen and also agree with me I think I made my point about how much you should use computers. So thank you for listening.",2.7041574
"Do you think that certain books should not be shared with certain poeple? In all honesty yes, let them read and listen to whatever they think is interesting. No matter what the content that the book or @CAPS1 contains it's their choice, there is a power called freedom in this world. One might think that if you are able to read and comprehend the words that are wrote in that book or sang in a song, then yes read and listen to anything you want.     If a young person such as a kindergartener picks up a book about sex you know there is no way that child will be able to comprehend it. So yes any books should be left on the shelf at libraries, open to anyone and everyone who are willing to read them. Its not that you have to be mature enough to read a book its that you have to understand it and are able to read to get what the book is trying to say. Yes some things parents don't want their children to know, but this world is filled with awful things and they are bound to figure some of those horrible things out sooner or later. Reading and music lets you learn and experience different situations that you might have never been in before. Both books and songs are a way to express yourself and everyone should express theirself in some way.     When it comes to movies that's a different story. Those movies are rated for a reason. On a rated @CAPS2 film i could see @NUM1 year olds on up watching it, because by then those kids have been in high school and everything sexual and perverted have been put into their little heads. Also most have been in sex education class. Blood and all things cruel have been talked about and heard about too. So yes let @NUM1 year olds on up watch rated @CAPS2 films. The one thing that isn't suggested is taking a little kid to see a film that isn't rated for them. Say a parent took a @NUM3 year old to see a scarry movie, more than likely that child is going to be scared and scarred from see blood, stabbing, and sexual content.    Movies should be left rated for whom they should be rated for. When it comes to music and books, they are wonderful learning tools also good for expression of ones self. So learn, experience, and express. No matter what your interested in freedom was gave to you so use it",3.559455
"Dear local newspaper, I think the effects of computers are good. Some reasons I think this is that we get a lot of knowledge from it, contact people you dont live near and haven't seen in a while. My first reason why I think the effects of computers are good because you can get a lot of knowledge from it. One example would be if you want to make a @CAPS1 meal, you wouldn't find it in an ordinary @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 you would have to look up on the internet for the recipe. Another example is if you wanted to travel to @LOCATION1 by car and you didn't have a map how would you get the directions? You would go on the computer, look up directions to @LOCATION1 and print it out. You would have never been able to go to @LOCATION1 if you didn't have a map or a computer. My second reason why I think the effects of computers is good is because you can contact friends or family that you have not seen in a while. One example would be if your sister just graduated from college and you wanted to congratulate her but you were @NUM1 feet in the air by a airplane and all you had was your laptop and your luggage, you would e-mail her saying good job. These are just a few reasons why I think the effects of computers is good, and I hope the local newspaper agrees too.",3.1921601
"I believe that certain books, movies, music, and magazines should be taken off the shelves, to those who they are offending. I myself have not come across any books, movies, or music that have offended me. I believe that we should organize our books, movies, and music in a different way perhaps.     First of all, people who are offended by certain books and movies should speak up, and do something about it. Finding a way to reach a happy medium. If everyone could take a certain movie or book off of the shelf there wouldn't be any left in my opinion. If people find it offending they should stay away from those certain types books or movies.     Secondly, there are people like me who are not offended at all from these books, music, and movies. Its not fair for the ones like me to not be able to read, listen, or watch what we want to. If someone doesn't like the movie we loved, and they take it away it's not fair and buisnesses will lose customers.     Lastly, to find a happy medium between the offended and the people like me. I believe we could organize our books, movies, music, and magazines in a different way. Instead of organizing by author they should be organized by age restrictions. Just like rated @CAPS1 movies, or rated @CAPS2 video games. Books and music can be organized in this fassion also. It would be easier for people who are offended to stay away from the ones they don't want to be around.     In conclusion, I believe that allowing any one person to take a certain book, movie, or @CAPS3 off of a shelf is not very smart. One, its not fair for people who are not offended. Two, buisnesses will lose customers. Three, there is a better way to solve this problem",3.56665
"offensive materials in libraries should not be taken off of the shelves because of their content. Writing is an art form and censoring what an author writes could obscure their message. people live around offensivness every day on the street and in public places so censoring it in libraries would not protect anyone. Removing the books from libraries entirely could also interfere with research or school projects children have to work on for class.     Writing is an art form and censoring what an author writes could potentially obscure a message or major theme of the novel. This style of writing can be seen in @PERSON1's novel To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 by @PERSON1 using terms that are offensive to @CAPS3 @CAPS4 to set the one of the racial tension in the south at that period in time. This type of censorship would also be detrimental if a reader studying the holocaust can not view pictures of death camps because of the graphic nature, the reader would not be able to understand the true horror of the camp without it.     People live around offensivness every day at home, on the streets, and even in school. A normal person encounters several occasions a day where they @MONTH1 hear profanities on the street from passing strangers or friends. Parents sometimes curse or use profanties in front of their children to prove a point or just by accident, and this would expose children to offensive behavior just as much as adults. Children are also exposed to profain language and behavior when they go to school and work around ither childern who might have offensive behaviors.      Censorship of books in libraries could interfere with school or work related projects and research. Censorship could be an issue if a student could not get a book on a major war or event because of graphic nature, and this would hinder the students ability to efficiently complete their assignment. It could also cause problems if a teacher needs to rents a book that has slight profanity in it but is not able to because of the content, inhibiting her from teaching her students about the theme and lesson.     Censorship of books based on the content should not be allowed in libraries. first of all trying to censor a novel might abscure the message or theme. secondly people live around profanity every day so trying to censor it would not protect people because they have likely already heard what is said in the novel. lastly censorship of libraries could interfere with work or school projects or research. If all libraries were censored it could potentially lead to several complications with workers, students, or people who are just looking for a good book to read",4.1517344
"Does The Book @CAPS1 @CAPS2?                                                               @CAPS2's alot of books out @CAPS2 that I would love to take off the shelve's but the one book I would to take off the shelve's would be 'To @CAPS3 A @CAPS4'. While I read that book it had alot of offensive language and alot of graphic not only in the book but in the movie to. On top of all that both the movie and the book weren't good at all. The only thing good about the movie is @CAPS2 was a few dramatic and thats it. Another thing that caught my eye was when the author repeatedly kept on saying the same offensive language over and over again. It's like the liked to keep on saying the same old thing using repitions. But some how it got an award and is one of the must for high school student's. I think the story overall was alright beside the fact @CAPS2 was offensive in it though. Books like that shouldn't be put on shelves and if they are the need to take the offensive language out but obviously people liked the book or it wouldn't have awards.                                   So obviously 'To @CAPS3 A @CAPS4' was a good story but when it comes down to it could offend alot of people I hear people talking about the book still and I read it last year. So In @CAPS7, I think @CAPS2 should be censorship in libraries.",2.8150396
"There are big debates today over whether or not certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelves of libraries if they are found offensive.  Plenty of arguments are made from maybe somebody's own experience, observations, and/or reading.  I have read plenty of people's concerns regarding @CAPS1 issue, and there are some valid points to be made from both sides of the story.  No matter what your opinion on @CAPS1 issue is, there will always be someone who opposes of it.  You see censorship of offensive language on television, but here is my take on whether or not censorship should take an effect on books, music, movies, magazines, etc.     The first point that I would like to make about censorship is that people all across the world have come in contact with something that they @MONTH1 have thought to be offensive.  When kids are old enough to understand what other people are talking about, they will come in contact with things that they take in offense at some point in life.  I know from my own personal experience that you will see things that people think should be censored.  Although I come from a religious family who does not like to offend anyone, I am old enough to realize that not everything in life is going to work out your way all the time.  When you honestly think about it, you cannot censor out things that you hear in person, so why censor things in certain materials?     The second point I would like to make about censorship is that no matter how much you try to censor certain materials, people will still find a way to take things offensive.  There are certain things in life that you cannot control, and being insulted or offended is one of them.  Even the most popular man or woman on the planet has been offended at least once or twice.  It isn't about trying to censor every little thing that @MONTH1 be offensive to some people.  Maybe it is about the people learning to deal with a little criticism.     'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.  But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf---that work i abhor---then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else.  And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.' @CAPS1 is a quote from Katherine Paterson that makes a big statement.  Almost every well-written book that you will find on the shelf has something that should be censored.  What would those books be without those statements?     To conclude @CAPS1 debate on censorship, plenty of arguments have been made about the views of censorship.  Many observations, personal experiences, and/or readings have been done by many different people.  Truth is, there will always be people who disagree on @CAPS1 subject, but that is just the way things are. We @MONTH1 never know who is actually right or wrong about @CAPS1 topic.  We do know though, that judging form the previous points above, it is very unlikely that certain materials will be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.",4.138526
"Dear local newspaper, I believe that computers are effecting the lives of many people. More and more people keep getting sucked into the amazing things that computers can do and forget all about the other more important things in life. People should be exercising, and hanging out with friends and family, computers dont even teach you that much if you really think about it. People don't even realize that computers can take away very important things in life. Fore istance, people aren't getting nearly as much exercise as they need. In this generation, more kids are overweight and obese that any other other generation. People get so caught up in what they are doing on the computer that they forget to exercise each day, or at least every other day. Computers just add to list of excuses not to do anything. People already spend way to much time watching t.v. It rots your brain and studies acually show that people are less aware and less connected to the world and the people around them. Computers are the same as t.v.'s, you say that your just going to be an for a minute and then next thing you know @NUM1 hours have already gone by. Computers @MONTH1 be exercising your brain, but they're not exercing you and that's what really counts. Even if you were on the computer doing research for a school project, the computer still wouldn't help you. Most people don't have the time to run out to the library to get the books that they need, so they just resort to the computer. That isn't the smartest idea because half of the websites that you click on or go to don't even have the correct information. You might look at it and read it, and even if it sounds good to you, that doesn't mean that it's right. Next thing you know, you have a @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 on an assignment that the thought you aced. On top of getting false information, most people don't even know where to look to get the information that they're looking for. People just type what they are looking for into the google search box and press enter. Then they just click on the first link that they see and use the information that is right on the page. Then all of these different windows are popping up and you are far from where you were. People then just give up and start goofing off on the computer because they don't feel like trying to get back to that page. If people just went to the library and did research the old fashion way, then they would stop to notice all the things in life that they are missing out on. People should be focusing on family and friends rather than playing games on the computer. Sure you can talk to people on the computer but you can't bond with them or really see what they are feeling. It's better to invite them over and have some fun playing board games or just talking in person for a change. Even if your spending time with your family or friends you're probebly thinking about the computer the whole time that they are there, so go out and do something for change, a little fresh air wouldn't kill you. You should go to an amusement park, ride some rides with your cousins, do something that will keep your mind off the computer. People don't realize it, but after spending so much time with your family, rather than your computer, you will acually notice what you have been missing out on for so long. As you can see, computers aren't helping anyone. It's either not exercing, getting false information, or not spending time with your own family! Seems to me that having computers around isn't everything that it's cracked up to be.",4.1125145
"There are many books, music, movies, and magazines that people find offensive. Some people even believe these things should be taken off the shelves. I do not believe that the books, music, movies, or magazines should be taken off the shelves completely. Not everyone finds these things offensive and they should not be taken off the shelves because a few people do not agree with them.     First, people have different views on what they find offensive. Not everyone will find the same things offensive or want the same books or song to be removed. With people always having different views it is difficult to take books, music, movies, or magazines off the shelves for everyone. Just because one person does not agree with what is being said in the movie or book does not mean that every single person wants that movie or book to be removed. If one person found my favorite book offensive I would not want it taken off the shelves completely.      Equally important, if every book, song, movie, and magazine that someone finds offensive is taken off the shelve there would not be many books, movies, songs, or magazines left. Author Katherine Paterson once said, 'But if I have the right to remove a book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else. And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.' @CAPS1 is saying that if every single book that offends someone is taken off the shelves there would be no books for anyone to read. People find different things offensive and if everyone took these things off the shelves there would be none left for anyone.      Finally, if someone finds a book offensive they do not have to read it. When someone finds a book, movie, song, or magazine offensive they don't need to watch it or read it. Instead of taking it off the shelves the person could just not read it. Not everyone finds the same books offensive and taking them off the shelves could upset many people. When someone finds something offensive they could just avoid that instead of getting it removed and upsetting other people. If someone was offened by one of my favorite books, I would prefere if they just avoid reading it instead if taking it off the shelves so that I can not read it.      Some people find many books, songs, movies, and magazines offensive. They would like these things to be removed from the shelves permenatly. I, however, do not believe that these things should be removed. Taking these off the shelves could make some people happy, it could also upset even more. Not everyone finds the same things offensive and should not be taken off the shelves because a few people do not agree with them",4.028062
"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 you know how long you go on the computer for? Well get up and go outside. Thats one of my reasons why I think people spend to much time on it my other reason is your eyesit can go bad. Its a nice sunny day dont wast your time on the computer! Go outside! All, kids @CAPS1 is sit on the computer all day not getting exercis. Did you know @NUM1 out of @NUM2 kids that sit on the computers all day gain at least @NUM3? @PERSON1 told me that. I mean I believe him because its true kids dont get up.There missing a nice day out would you wanna miss a nice sunny day? My finall reason is kids eyesight can go bad. I mean having them stare at a screen all day, thats bad. @PERSON1 told me if your on the computer for @NUM4 hours on the computer for @NUM4 hours straight your eyes can get worst. I remember a tiny when I was on the computer for @NUM4 1/@NUM4 hours my eyes were killing me everything I blink. I know the computer is fun playing games, talking to friends but you should take a break and @CAPS1 something ples. In conclusion just go outside and have fun! @CAPS1 you want to wast a nice sunny day by staying in doors hurting your eyes? I know I @CAPS1!",3.0139852
"If I was givin the chance to choose if people should take books off of shelves or not that offend people at local libraries, I would think neither taking the books off the shelf, nor leaving them on @CAPS1 are quite correct. I would defiently reccomend a voting to take place, in order to figure out what to do with the books. I would say a vote would be reasonable because many people have many different beliefs, in which some could be offended. So I would take at least ten different people with different religions,backgrounds, and so forth, and I would have them all vote on which they thought they should do with the offensive books.      People believe differently, so it would be hard to please them all. That's why a vote with different types of people would be effective for almost anyone. Just like my mom said, 'you will never make everyone happy.'  @CAPS1 are so many things out in the society today that can offend people, and what might majorly offend one, might have no effect on the other. This is the main reason voting is rough, because @CAPS1's a wide variety of people on earth today. You would have to probably also look at how many times the book has been checked out before, because @CAPS1 is a possibility that no one in the voting group has the same opinion as those who have checked it out before.      Although if the book is voted to stay in the library, I believe the book should be labeled in the correct area. Due to the fact that the book could be offending to some people, should be labeled incase someone who doesn't know, like a child, comes upon that book.      Voting is used in our society today and has been very effective for many years now. Voting doesn't only have to be used during an election, but also can be used for this reason as well. Voting is always important and people should notice that. I believe that voting could be the answer to many problems in  the world today",3.6434405
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you belive that the advances in our technology are not good for our society you must be misunderstanding computers have a positive affect on the people in our community by giving us well hand and eye coordination and giving us the ability to seek and find information to learn. It can also allow people to communicate online with others. Hand and eye coordination is an important thing that helps us everyday. @CAPS2 new technology such as computers, can help us with that skill, we should use it. @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION1 says, ""Computers do help us a lot; almost @PERCENT1 of active computer users do improve their hand and eye coordination just by using the computers for a small amount of time everyday."" @CAPS3 and education are essential, especially now; the more you learn, the better salary you get. With this new technology, you can earn degrees and learn in a short period of time. My aunt got her @CAPS4 online about six months ago, and just because of that, got promoted at her job. Gaining valuable @CAPS3 online doesn't just go for adults but children as well. @CAPS2 they have a report on @CAPS5 or need some help on their homework, these new technologies are one of the most effective, fastest ways to learn and find information. @PERSON2, a doctor that specializes in @CAPS6 emotions/feelings says in the @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8 last month that, ""in this new millenium, preteens and teenagers simply love the new advances in technology, and @CAPS2 we want them to learn, then we can take this tool and have them use it."" Computers are also a great way to communciate it's fast and easy. I have an uncle who lives in @LOCATION1, and we rarely get to see each other due to the distance, som we catch up by messaging each other by social netwroks or emails. It's even free, unlike the costly long distance calls. The communication is also great for businesses. A company can reach out and contact their customers to reschedule an appointment, give receipts, advertist and many other things. Computers are essential and effective techorlogy that are use by people around the country and world. They improve hand-eye coordination, allow people to gain @CAPS3 and education, and gives people opportunity to communicate with others. this is another great and useful step in our communities around the world.",4.05086
"What is censorship? Cenorship can be described as limitations or restrictions, and it can aslo be called common courtsy. The real question is what are we limiting?   Censorship is not something to support. Censorship to a book is like chocolate cake without the chocolate, its taking away the value and fun out of education. Though many @MONTH1 disapprove, libraries shouldn't censor their books, movies, or music because of that.      Some @MONTH1 find that '@CAPS1 @CAPS2' or 'The @CAPS3 of @PERSON1' are offensive books because of their repeated use of the '@CAPS4' word. There is also some arguement to that, there are several @CAPS5 @CAPS6 that I know that find the '@CAPS4' word offensive, but not in this case. They say that it brings more educational value to the book, because in the day of @PERSON1 the '@CAPS4' word was an excepted word. Thats just how it was back then.     Back then and now censorship is hiding reality. People who write, sing, and direct things that are considerd 'inapropriate' are the ones who are trying to set the truth free. The 'inapropriate' language, or experiences are the ones that really happen and are the words that are really said. By using censorship you are sheltering the world.      Cesorship is tool we use to block ourselves from reality. Is that the right choice? Is it right sending sheltered teens out in the world unable to fend for themselves? Or should we let them understand how it really works",3.470883
"I believe that if you find a book offensive then you should not read that book. What some people find as offensive some other people might find it not offensive. I do not think that people should not be able to take books off of the shelves.     For example if there is a person of the jewish religion they might find a book about hitler offensive. In that sense if they take the book off of the shelf then the other kids that are soon to come into the age of studying this era will not have a book to look at. Without these books our history of the world will be soon forgotten.     Another example would be slavery. I believe that slavery is a hard subject to come to grips with. In the reality it was a hard time for the africans. I do not think that they will take the books off of the shelf because of it being offensive. How could you take away the future of learning from the children that are our next generation.      If we are to take the books off of the shelves at the libraries what do we do about the bible. Some people do not believe that there is a god or a heaven, but a lot of other people do believe in it. So how would that work out in the long run? it would create a lot of problems for the public library and for its citizens as well.      In reading books as a kid i have found that some things are bad and i do not like them, but i dont believe that we should take the book away from people that like the books.How do you take away from the people that like to read different nopvels than you is beyond me, but it will only be a problematic subject in the future.                                                  this is an essay by @PERSON1",3.481531
"Dear Newspaper, Have you notice that now a days more and more people are becoming overweight? Well its true. People say that it is because of eat a lot of fast food but I think that since we are always on the computer and not excersing helps contribute to it. Also as the technology is getting better it is keeping people from going outside and enjoying the beautiful nature. Sitting infront of the computer isn't going to help our environment. Lastly, kids aren't getting out of their house to interact with friends and family because technology has been able to let us communicate without leaving our house. @CAPS1 not saying that we should downgrade our technology, but we need to find a way limit it. To start on with, technology has a role in the increasing rate of obesity. Some @MONTH1 say that people chose not to excerise but if we limit things then they won't have to chose. As a kid myself, I love to be on the computer. My parents are always trying to get the computer and take the dogs for a walk and I always say ""@CAPS1 busy"" @CAPS2 its true, I don't really like to go outside because I have a computer to play games or talk to friends and to be honest excersing to me seems important but I don't do it because I'm always on the computer. I think that other people could feel this way so thats why we need to limit the computer. Secondly, global warming is occuring right now and people would rather be inside on the computer then go outside and enjoy the nature. @CAPS2, you @MONTH1 be able to look up ways to stop global warming, but does it mean you are going to really do it? Some @MONTH1 not because they could just stay on the computer and keep ""@CAPS3 up"" ways to help another things is that when we use our computers, we use electricity, which adds to global warming so it we limit the use of computers then people could go enjoy nature and not destroy it. Lastly, internet sites like myspace, @CAPS4, @CAPS5, etc have allowed us to communicate with friends and family but we are still not able to get out and interact with them. When we get out and interact with our friends we gain like communication teamwork and respect friend and family can teach you this with them the computer they can't. Also interacting with your family and friend @MONTH1 let you go in new places that you haven't been before and on the computer you can't go there. Interacting with friends & family is better than talk thru the computer. In conclusion if we stay on the computer then we won't get excerise enjoy nature or interact with friends. So we need to act now limit compute usage!",4.008116
"Throughout history their have always been those who have refuted the beliefs and ideals of others. Whether that be in @LOCATION1 when statues were censored by removing anything deemed offensive by the @CAPS1 church or the mass burning of books to preserve ideals that could invalidated through the clear spoken text. However this in not the @DATE1, women are not looked down upon anymore, science is not dillouted, and ideas are free throughout the world with the internet. So is it the libraries fault for providing uncensored content or is the parents fault, for not educating their children on the morality of such items?     The modern library has very specific demographics for all items to which it posses. Movies over @CAPS2 attract both parents and teenagers alike, the music entices the teenagers, and the books and prior two media sources attract younger children. So how would it be fair to force a library to censor two of the things that earn the library the most money just so that kids don't read,watch or hear them. Plus libraries generally don't let young kids check out @CAPS3 rated movies or parental advisory @CAPS4.     Some people however argue that books are the most dangerous thing to children and young adults. As books can raise ideas and strengthen them in a teens mind over the course of @NUM1 pages till parents end up with an anti-sematic teen with bad view on racism. So then why would that be the fault of the library as it merely provided one book that should not have affected that teen so much, had that teen had solid moral beliefs instilled in him or her from their parents.     So if you find materials at a library offensive, or worry about your child going there, there's always an easy solution. Don't go their and don't let your child go their. However if you see the beauty in impurity that a library brings to a community and to a person as I do then don't allow the injustice to authors, songwriters, musicians, directors, and yourself occur.",3.898034
"Some of the most interesting books that I have ever read are offensive in some way. I have even read excellent books that offend me. If we didn't have books and stories that offend us, then we would never really find out what offends us. That is why I don't think books, magazines, music, or anything of that nature that @MONTH1 be found offensive in some way should be remover from the shelves.     If you think about, almost all books can be offensive or hurt your feelings. It just depends on how you feel about what has been written. Something that is offensive to one person or a group of people @MONTH1 not be found offensive by another person or group of people. If we took all the books off of the shelves that someone said offended them, then there would be no books left.      Writing is something you do when you want to express how you feel, or tell a story about yourself or someone else. Some authors @MONTH1 do this in a very offensive manner. Others @MONTH1 try to suger-coat how they feel about a person or certain idea. Either way you could still find something about the writing to be offensive.     In conclusion, i feel that books that are found offensive or hurtful should be left on the shelves because, if we took all of them off, there would not be a very wide selection of books left",3.3111315
"I @CAPS1 would like @CAPS4 if nothing was censored, but I don't matter, right? I am the kid that has no choice in the matter. @CAPS3 should I not care about what I am forced not to see? I am sure there are alot of parents that dont follow the censorship rules. Like buying a rated '@CAPS2' movie, or game for their kid that is @NUM1, and not @NUM2 years old, but @CAPS4 does matter that the parents are following the law. I say shrew the law, because when @CAPS4 comes down to @CAPS4, its the parents right to tell/show there kid about things, not the goverment.      I Think that @CAPS5 have never really had a choice in matters that affects them directly, and I think we should. @CAPS5 have to follow what ever rules untill there @NUM2 years of age: @CAPS3? I wish I knew @CAPS3, but I dont. Because there is no logical reason for @CAPS5 not to have a vote on what affects them.           For all I know there could be a law out right now that is going to make my generation less powerfull then the last generation. I am not saying that this is true, I am only saying that its possible for some thing like this to happen.     Video games, They are my weakness I admit, but I don't see a reason for games to be censored. When people say things like '@CAPS5 who play video games with violence will make them murders.' @CAPS4 makes me frustrated. There is not one single thing that proves that.      I have known @CAPS5 who have been censored all there life, and when they learn about @CAPS4 all they cant even handle @CAPS4. Its sad really to not beable to watch the news and learn what is going on in the world. Just because they have been kept away from all that all there life.     I don't know how or where they get this censorship idea from in the first place. Did their parents tell them @CAPS4 was bad, and never watch/read @CAPS4? Where did they hear @CAPS4 from? I beleive @CAPS4 came from the media @CAPS4 self. I can see the headlines now, '@CAPS5 watching @CAPS6 movie cause them to be murders.' Then they would have some made up percentage on how manny @CAPS5 turn in to a murder that watch @CAPS6 movie compare to @CAPS5 that don't.     What I am really saying is that I try not to let other peoples beleifs get in my head and change my own beleifs. Even by me writing this @MONTH1 have cause someone to change there beleifs, and I really @CAPS1 hope I haven't.",3.63265
"It seems today we attempt to censor everything, but are we going too far?  Could it be that we have crossed the line and are no longer protecting the children, but are instead holding back our society as a whole?  In my opinion, censorship of literature has crossed the line.     A library is, essentially, an incredably valuable resource to each generation.  In some cases it still is, but when books are being with held do to the fact that it @MONTH1 offend someone we are holding people back from the knowledge they could gain from the work of literature itself.  We attempt to placate everyone in today's society, therefore we censor several things that are not politically correct.  If future generations are unable to learn what we have through these writings, then they will lack the insight we had gained.     Another reason is, to be perfectly honest, history and society have not- and very well @MONTH1 never truly be- politically correct.  People take umbrage to certain words and consequently some libraries will remove the book featuring said words from their shelves.  After this is done, what have we really accomplished?       Have we made the world a better place by attempting to hide a part of history?  That is debatable, but by the same token, in school we must learn about the @CAPS1 despite the fact that it upsets many people.  We must learn about this because it was an important part in history that needs to be remembered in hopes that nothing so terrible as that will ever happen again.  So, if we learn about an entire subject which happened in another country but effected the entire world should we not learn about our own faults in history?  The times we have oppressed people, the terms we used so commonly we attempt to hide now.       Has it really helped us?  No, for until people recognize a problem and furthermore are reminded of how wrong it was they will not understand it.  Napoleon once said that history is a story written by the victor, but is victory so sweet after our history has been rewritten?     If everything that offends people is censored or taken away we will have nothing left.  For if one person is aloud to say what is and isn't acceptable then others will partake in this as well.  It would become a new fad and people would find a problem with just about anything.     So, essentially, by censoring works in libraries we are holding back the future generations from all that they could be.  We are forcing them to be ignorant of society's problems.  In the end we must ask ourselves, was it really worth it?  I remind you, a library is an invaluable resource.",4.3596125
"A very wise man in @CAPS1 life once said, 'The only way to escape temptation, is to remove the temptation all together.' @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @PERSON2, while growing up had poor influences all around him. @CAPS4 went to a run-down school, lived in a crime torn neighborhood, had a drunk for a @CAPS2, had no mother around to help him and had an older brother that often beat him and hurt him, emotionally and physically. As @CAPS4 grew up there were temptations to do the wrong thing morally all around him. @CAPS4 had no example of how to behave, yet @CAPS4 stayed away from @CAPS3, tobacco, drugs, guns, prostitutes, violence and fighting, and even something as 'minor' as pornography.      As I have been growing up with @CAPS1 @CAPS2 as a hard working individual and having @CAPS1 mother around to help me with school work and preparing for college, the truth shows how times have changed. Just before I was born, @CAPS1 parents moved out of the old crime riden neighborhood and out of the city for that matter. We moved to the suburbs where crime is more rare and mostly just misdimeaners. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 told me one day, 'I'm scared by how the times have changed. When I was a kid, fowl language was un heard of in songs and music but now-a-days the songs seem to be about nothing but sex, drugs, killing people, and even about rape! At this rate I'm scared of the thought of what you're kids are going to see, son.' @CAPS4 had a valid point. In our curent days the youth can go to even the public library and get books on illegal drugs and movies with sex scenes and music that talkes about killing law enforcement officers.      What has the world come to when a child of age eight @MONTH1 walk into a public library and check-out a book on cocaine? The worst part is that they can just read these books while browsing, they don't actually have to check the book out. A quote from the author Katherine Paterson stated, 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.' I believe that rather than hoping they don't pull the book off the shelf that we should just remove the book from the shelf and @CAPS5 have the book there at all.      Public libraries are marked as safe places for children and adults to go to if they feel thretened or endangered. Well what if @CAPS1 @CAPS2 as a parent feels thretened by the fact that there are evils out in the world and they have become so accepted by todays society that they are even found in the public library? Then what? Public libraries and other public resourcess should be controled and monitored about what they allow into their doors. A parent SHOULD @CAPS5 have to hope that his or her child doesn't pick up a book about an inapropriot topic while in public but should know that that is @CAPS5 the case. Parents should be able to relax and rest asured that their child is safe from the filth of inmoral things",3.937417
"All authors write for a purpose, whether it be to teach, entertain, or persuade an audience.  No author writes something and says, 'I hope no one picks this off of the shelf!' So, if every author wants to express something through their writing, then why should we not let them be heard. We all have the freedom of speech, right? So, why not the freedom of writing? Libraries should not remove a book, music, movie, or magazine from the shelf just because they found it offensive.     Everyone will read a book that they don't like, its natural, but that doesn't mean that no one will like it. Authors write for an audience, but maybe you are not in that audience; so, it doesn't appeal to you and might even seem offensive. Not everyone believes in the same ideas. You could think about an issue one way and your neighbor think about it a totally different way. Like for instance, you're reading a book about a young girl that is going through many problems in her life. She has gotten into some really horrible situations. Some of these situations you read about are so awful that you wouldn't want anyone else to read it. But, did you ever think that maybe there's another girl that is or has gone through some of these same situations. Maybe this girl comes to a library and finds this book; suddenly she finds guidence in it. She finds something she can depend on in her life that she's never had before. She feels like she has a friend in this book that can handle the situations with her. So, would you really want to take that book off of the shelf and not let that girl ever find her guidence?      Situations happen like this all of the time. People find something special in what they read that other people might not find. When a librarian takes a book off of that shelf, an opportunity is forever gone. No one will ever be able to learn of what was to become of that writing and of those ideas. We all have a right to learn, to explore new ideas, and to expand our minds. No one should have the right to take that away",3.7026758
"Although many people love to be on computer palying video games and have cyber chats, most of them don't know how bad a computer can be even though I experience a great time on the computer, I know how bad it is. Here is a short example. You can experience problems with your computer, if you stay on the computer for to long it can over heat and that can cause it to stop working. Another problem is side effects. you can get headaches from just staring at the screen for to long. Those headaches over time can become even worst. You @MONTH1 even get poor vision from a computer. Computers can also be addicting. Because of your addictition with computers you @MONTH1 become less close with family or friends, causing your social life to be very minimal. Also, because of the addiction, it @MONTH1 work its way to your daily routines causing you to have to play it daily and more thatn the average person does. Your personality @MONTH1 also change with your social life and routine. Lastly, computers can be very dangerous. if your child gets on to one he @MONTH1 accidentlly link heimself to a dirty or bad websites. He then to the negatives of a computer. On a computere your child will probally be shown things like words to pornographic features. These are all things that should not be allowed to access on a computer. Computers are addicting, they cause problems and are dangerous wrong in my opinion should be stopped. Now you think we should do about computers.",3.450808
"Dear The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, Computers are a great piece of technology. Computers are great for many reasons. Three of these reasons are pleasure, convienience, and education. I believe that these three reasons are the main reason we use computers today. One reason we use computers is for pleasure. On certain websites, you can talk to friends, see what your friends are doing, you can even video chat with them. Also, you can watch movies, @CAPS4 episodes, and videos. In addition, you can listen to music, play games, and check sports scores. I strongly beleive that pleasure is one of the main reasons we use computers today. Another reason why we use computers is convienience. Most people in @LOCATION1 have a computer in their home. Computers are convienient because you pay bills on the internet. You email co-workers about jobs. In addition, computers can help people create websites so their their buisness is more noticeable. As you can see, computers are a very convienient piece of technology. The final reason why we use computers is education. On a computer, you can learn just about anything. You can learn about @CAPS5 history, sports, you can learn about current events in the world. Computers can help you study, take notes, and helps do your homework. When I have a project, I always use the computer to find important information about the topic. As you can see, education is the most important reason why we use computers. Now, I think you understand how computers are important in @LOCATION1's education, pleasure and convienience. I hope you listened to my opinion on computers and I also hope you continue to tell people how great and important computers are.",3.3097234
"Do you want your child to suceed in life? This is why computers are valuable to everyday life. Computers help children get more education, they can be independent and not hows anyane tell them new to use a computer, and @CAPS1 they get to college they can take notes quickly and not fall behind. This is whycomputers are important to everyday life. Computers are important because your child will get the proper education that they need. @PERCENT1 of children who uses the thev internet for students for studies are the ones that will be a grade ahead of the best of this or her classmates. Dr. @PERSON1 a computer cope it, says, ""@CAPS1 I was using the computer to do research on a topic, I went on on leperdy the @DATE1 and from there I was a @NUM1 @DATE1 because I was on the computers. As you can see computers are valuable items used in everyday life. Computers are important to everyday life because it helps your children be more independent and learn how to use different parts of the internet. @PERCENT1 to @PERCENT2 of children who use the internet are most likely so succeed in college because they know what websites to go to and how to get there. There is an @PERCENT1 chance that the children who succeed in college will get the higher paying jobs because they've @PERSON1, the computer expect, says, ""@CAPS2 son was at @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS3 was smart because @CAPS3 was always on the computer looking up new facts and ideas that popped into his head."" @CAPS3 is a student which is very hard to get. This is why computers are valuable to everyday life. Computers are impotant because you can look up sites that will help you eat health foods. @PERCENT3 of adults who health foods are most likely to live an even @NUM2 years of their life because they are their bodies in health conditions because they've eating more fruits, and drinking more to keep their bones strong @CAPS1 they fall @CAPS1 they older. As you can see, using then internet can be very helpful if you used to the right way. This is why using the internet will help you be the successful person that you want to be in life.",3.8068101
"Communities have many different types of people that live in them. Certain groups of people find some things offensive while others find them totally nomal. Some of these things cause conflict. A library, for example, is one place you @MONTH1 find some of these conflicts.     Most libraries are open to the public. Therefore, many different groups of people will be sharing the material in the library such as books, movies, magazines, and music. Having many different kinds of people sharing this material, the libraries must try to have material to please everyone. This is where the conflict begins. While trying to please everyone, some people @MONTH1 find some of the material offensive. Now for the big question: Should material some find offensive be removed from the shelves all together?     The answer to this big question is no. Libraries must have many different kinds of materials in them to please everyone in the community. People are different and believe in different things. Just because one person finds some type of material offensive doesn't mean it is offensive to everyone. For example, things such as religion. Someone @MONTH1 find a book on a type of religion and find it very offensive, but others @MONTH1 strongly believe in that reigion. Just because one person takes it offensively, doesn't mean those who don't should have it taken away from them.     Libraries are for all kinds of people. Just because one person finds the material offensive, doesn't mean it should be taken away from everyone else. If libraries took any material that anyone found offensive in any way off the shelves, there would be no material left. People believe in different things. That is the way it always has been and more than likely, the way it will always be",3.6821687
"If I could remove anything from shelves of libraries I wouldn't.  Would you rather your kids to learn things from the facts or learn from friends?  Censoring books, magazines, movies, etc and what goes onto the shelves are mostly for enjoyment or informational.  Granted you wouldn't want a five-year old reading a book made for adults, but with age kids would have to learn things.  You can't always control what children read unless you plan on going with them everywhere including college and on into their adult life.     Books provide facts and more reliable information than what  you can hear from people.  If all the books on the shelves relating to drugs or alcohol were pulled off, how would someone write a report on those things.  The books were created to provide people, kids especially, with facts that no one else could share and it could help with expanding their vocabulary and knowledge.  If someone were to find a book or a @CAPS1 offensive, they don't have to look at it or even pick it up.  Libraries can't always suit everyone's tastes and something you @MONTH1 find offensive isn't to others.  Takign a single book from the shelves would result in others taking books off the shelves and then no books would be left for anyone to read or wish to take off the shelves.     If you controlled what everyone read, no one would be happy and their brain wouldn't function correctly.  You'd be taking one of their rights, one of the only things entitled to them without someone else telling them they can't.  What kids read is shaping their minds for their future.  If you removed their favorite series or genre from the shelves, they wouldn't read or listen to music or anything anymore because it isn't enjoyable.  Kids get into reading when they can enjoy what they read or listen to.     So with that, I wouldn't take anything off the shelves because everything appeals to someone in one way or another.  Controlling what one person reads doesn't lead you nor the other person anywhere, someone could end up being offended if you take something you find offensive off the shelves, and you can't stop the knowledge that books can provide people if they read them.  In one way or another something provides information for people.",3.8735945
"Dear local Newspaper, In my opinion computers have a good effect on people because people can communicate with each other, learn on the computer and mostly people can shop online. Overall think computers have a positive effect on people. Wow! Finally got to chat with my cousin from california communicating on the computer is great because you save money the because you dont have to pay a phone bill. Also most companys use email to chat between co-workers. Dr. @DR1 a  scientists say co-work who communicate are actually safer because they dont have to  anywhere and they can stay home. Today these are so many social networking sites people can improve their mental health and cause there selp esteem by talking to people on a daily basis. Lastly all this communicating is great because you dont have to travel to communicate with someone   the world is more eco-friendly. Wow! There are over I  information sites on the computer. On the computer you can also use programs to make graphs and tables to show data. Mrs. Can says if you show inpormation on the computer like using graphs you will increase how much you know by @PERCENT2. Another great thing is in order to learn you dont have to read books which saves paper and many most op the databases with informatrion are free on you save money and also it takes only seconds to find inpormation you want. On average it takes @NUM1 seconds to find information. Finally the computer is a great place to find information and enlighten yourself. Shoping on the computer, that must be immposible not with todays computers, shoping on the computer is great because you save time not having to travel to the , consumer reports says you can save @PERCENT1 op the cost up the product ip you buy on line because over @NUM2 stores have online sales with the technology have today you can compare pries op an item by visit clicking a button's then you dont have to spend extra going to both . On line product renews have bcome very popular becasue you can hear other people opinion about the product. In the end online shoping is great because you can save money compare  and on many great things. In conclusion computer have helped a lot to people because you can shop online communicate and learn , overall computer have really changed lives for most citizen",3.5738244
"I believe that the house hold computer can help with every day things like research and developemint, home work, art work, an always renewing travel dictionary, a @NUM1 hour super store filled with never ending items, video games and a very sofistacated colculator. New programs are comeing out all the time but idiction is always seen as a very bad thing to have to do any part of you will start to have no friends or girlfrends and you'll probleay start to egnore your family and you'll get corple tunnle sindram from typeing and focreamea from staring at a brite screen alday and looking at it closely. You will probley get a bad back from siting alday in a chair or neeling or leaning back in a chasse lounge and it @MONTH1 be comfey but it's bad for you, in concloshion computers help a lot and they are fun. But it addicting to so have fun. But don't get addicted because computers @MONTH1 be fun but portions are helthy and thats what should be done.",2.5523636
"Dear Local Newspaper, I believe the computer does have positive perks, but it also has negative perks. Reason one you loose interaction with people. Reason two you then forget to excersize. Reason three, your health is in jeopardy. Firstly, you loose interaction with family and friends. Because you would spend so much time on the computers. It ruins your marriage if you are married. If you have kids you risk your relationship with them. I am not saying to stop using computers. Because I use them myself. I am saying don't make your life the computer. It's not good for you! Secondly, you need excersize. Stastics show @PERCENT1 of the people who live on their computers gain weight faster would know because as @NUM1 yr old I have gained a little weight because of computers. Most people when on the computer tend to eat more @CAPS1 are all well-known facts. That have been proven. Since, you can't walk with a computer in hand, you stop moving. Meaning you stop excersizing. You have to limit your time and then there is where I believe they (computers) benfit you. Lastly, your health is very much at stake. If you are at the computer for @NUM2 hours at a time your eye-site will pay. My eyes stink when I am on the computer for half an hour. Doesn't your head hurt when you are the computer for so long? Yes, the computer is fun and it gives you things to do, I am the first one to admit that But, it also hurts your heath. For being on the computer for so long you are at risk for carpal tunal syndrome. Which is very painful. Computers are so much fun and make life easier. But, they have disadvantages. Reason one you loose interaction with people. Reason two you stop excersizing. Reason three your health is at risk. If you limit time, everythig will be alright!",3.669742
"Dear @CAPS1 Local newspaper, I heard that you were concerd about people and how they use the computer to much. I think that computers are a good thing to have because many people use computers for school, work ect. I think that computers are good use, many people use it for research and resources. It is easier to use them, when you are going on vaction because you can check out how much hotels are, where resteraunts are, and what interesting places are there, instead of calling/driving around. Computers are good for school because I think books are harder/longer to use than computers. Also for questions you can go to one of the websites an you ask the question and many other people might answer the question your looking for. There also useful for work most people use computers for work. They can put there taxes/documents on there computers. Computers can be used just for fun too. There are chat; facebook games. I think that computers are useful for many things, but I also think that some people spend too much time on them too. Computers are great, but you should also use other things too like maps, book, ect. Many can spend @NUM1 hours on the computer facebooking and gaming. I think that it's important for people to go outside and hang out with friends. Alot of people spend there time on the computer during @DATE1 because its cold and sometimes snowing. I don't think that they should spend there whole time on the computer though because you dont just want to depend on electrictronics everytime. I think that computers should be used not alot in the @DATE2 because I think hanging out with friends and family are important and also the weather nice. I think that computers can be very useful with directions, work, school work but you shouldn't spend alot of time on them. Electronics arent everything in life. Thank you for taking your time reading this and I hope you do agree with me.",3.30296
"Dear local Newspaper, To my understanding computers have been putting a bad effect on people of all ages. In my opinion staying on the computer all day can cause you to miss out on outdoor activities. Also if you sit on a chair all day, honestly what will happen to you? You will become less active. In past experiences I have learned that if you get interested in computer game it will come very addicting. Computer put negative affects on people of all and I think we should stop and think about what we are doing. Most likely if you stay on the computer all day you will indeed on activities such as sports. @CAPS2 example @PERCENT1 of americans play soccer. In the beatiful fall when the leaves are beatifully changing you will miss out on playing soccer and the beaty of the leaves because of the computer you can't get your eyes off of. Another breathtaking adventure that you @MONTH1 miss out on is hiking. Hiking can be amazing when you get to the top and you see on the houses that have people like you (cach potatoes) sitting inside on the computer. Simple activities can be lost because of an addicting game you call fun. The computer is like a cause and effect. You @MONTH1 think you just playing farm town or chating on facebook, but in feture you will be missing out on the beauty of nature and sports. To connect @CAPS1's with missing out on sports because of the computer that will cause you to become over weight. A recent study showed that @PERCENT2 of children are obeased because of computer games. You @MONTH1 be thinking how, but I have a friend named named, @PERSON1 and he used to love to play out side and play sports until came out @CAPS2 the computer. Now he way @NUM1 pounds and he is only @NUM2. Honestly sitting in a chair all day will cause you to not be active and gain weight. Do you want this to happen to you? Help me tell others how computers cause a negative effect on others. Lastly playing on the compter or chatting with friends on @ORGANIZATION1 can cause you to @CAPS2 example if your talking to your girlfriend in spain who is there @CAPS2 callage I garentee your going to put off school work, @CAPS3 and other @CAPS4 that need to be done. In the end it will end up being time @CAPS2 bed and you got nothing done weather it was because you were trying to get to level @NUM3 or talking with your girlfriend you will have nothing accomplished. If your not yet a resent scientific study reported that six hours on the computer per day @CAPS2 one week can @CAPS5 your vision from a @NUM4 @NUM4 to @NUM6 @NUM6. If you keep it up now it @MONTH1 not seem bad but @NUM8 hours looking at the computer can kill your eyes. Would you rather be blind or not use the computer because or what could happen? All in all the computer is a bad thing such as useful piece of technology can cause you to miss out on events such as sports. Also it leads to being overweight sense your not getting active. Finally the computer is bad @CAPS2 your eyes and can cause you to procastonate. Help me help yourself avoid all of these bad effects caused from the computer.",4.110233
"Censorship, only for the light hearted.      We have had this issue for as long as man can remeber. Since we were only little kids to adults. Everything was censored. Bleeps on the television to hide harmless words to random letters in curse words as if we did not know for example what @NUM1k spelt. I agree, censorship is needed for a certain period of time, but when that time goes on for to long and even in books and newspapers to limit what we can handle, that's when it goes out of hand.      I am a highschool student and even I have to say limiting our reading because a book might have one or two bad words in it is just redicoulous. Its the most hipocritical thing to do because even science and anatomy books show certain parts of the body like genitalia but thats okay because its in a science book. However if its in a normal book, everythings a big deal and we can't handle it big woop. I say its a library, let us read what we want to read.     Like i said before highschool is where the maturity hits and the censorship should be lowered. Im not saying just completly take it away but come on now I think highschool student can handle a few bad words in an outstanding book.      As far a movies and music go, anything pornographic or just plain idiotic and demeaning should ofcourse be censored, but if theres just a few bad words why should that stop an entire school from enjoying some good music and possibly an amazing movie.      So the point is, let there be censorship, but only to the point where people wont just take away music and books from us highschoolers for a few bad words. Censorship is for the lighthearted, and nothing is stopping the lighthearted people from not picking up that book with a few words in it they don't like, just dont read it. Thats all I have to say about censorship.",3.2274141
"Should we have censorship in our libraries?  This is a question that both sides can argue with creditable facts.  However, censhorship is mostly defined as not allowing certain items or things to be seen or heard of until a mature age.  How can you tell when someone is of a mature age?  Maturity lies behind one's self to cope with various thoughts, ideas, actions, etc.  Censorship should be allowed to an extent.     Censhorship plays a big role in society today.  It has changed the content on our television from @NUM1 years ago to modern day.  The government is more leniant today then they were @NUM1 years ago.  On television @NUM1 years ago, you would never hear a sware word, or see a couple sleep in the same bed.  Now, some sware words are considered okay, because people can handle them.  It is like they are part of our daily vocabulary now.  Censorship has changed a lot.     Books of all sorts should be allowed to children and adults of all ages.  Certain literature provides a cornucopia of topics and subjects to be helpful to a processing brain.  We learn and understand at different rates.  Some books with 'adult content' @MONTH1 be suitable for more intelligent minds.  Authors sometimes put in so-called 'adult content' to add suspense and drama towards the bigger picture or message behind their work.  Books help the mind to expand and gain a higher standard of learning.     Movies are differnent.  Some movies have sexual content that our youth should not see.  Most magazines have the same principles as movies do.  They are both rated differently on levels of age.  Therefore, we can protect their innocence and fellow youth.  Music is healthy to the mood of a person.  Music should not be censored.  People just have different tastes in music.  Some @MONTH1 be fond of other genres and some @MONTH1 dislike the other genres.  There is a wide array of music that people can enjoy.  There is no way to censor the universal language that music provides.     Censorship should come down to what the adult allows for the kid to see and hear.  Censorship of books is not fine, but censorship of movies and magazines are acceptable.  Music, however, can not be censored.  The lyrics and sounds speak to many people in strange ways.  It is all helpful in the end.  Everyone should have the right to watch, read, or listen to whatever they want.  It all comes down to learning, and there is no censorship on learning.  So, please do not censor our libraries.  Allow the adults to censor what should be censored in their families",4.3011885
"Are some materials, such as books, movies, magazines should be removed from the shelves if those things are found offenisve? There are some things in books are movies that are offensive, and that other younger adults shouldnt watch or read. Reading a book also says alot about certain topics that are offensive. But at the same time can you learn from these things such as finding it in a book or seeing it on tv.     So I dont think that certain things that are found offenisive should be taken off the shelves, because people should learn off of these things. Some people have a hard time understanding what's right and wrong in life, because their not getting the full effect in life and what it is meant. The problem I think is people @MONTH1 not think certain things are offensive because they might not know what it mean. Movies on the other hand has a different side of the fence. Movies can affect someone, especially someone who is very young. Those children can look what's on tv and copy exactly what they are doing. They also @MONTH1 be a role model which is not always good for some people.     Another thing is that music plays a big role in someone's life because there is sad music, loving music and also violent music. Music can define a person. For example if you are listening to a sad song, you @MONTH1 feel sad or depressed. Or a person listening to hard and violent music @MONTH1 feel upset or angry. Certain music that peole listen to can define who they are. Especially when i had said it determines what kind of a mood you are in. I think when people listen to the music he or she likes, it defines who they are, it shows what kind of mood there are in.     Secondly, magazines are an advertisement. It shows everything, it tells you stories. Just like in the movies if you see it, youre going to do it. But magazines are different, they show like the styles, and life stories of others. When you see things you @MONTH1 want to do things just as the what the magazine. Usually when you look in a magazine you usually see pictures so its not as big of effect as the others such as the music and movies. They more likely describe things.       Books on the other hand are similar. You can learn what's in a book just by reading it. So if a person @MONTH1 read something about voilence he or she @MONTH1 think it is right to do so. Even if that particular book is telling you what's right about the topic. So no I dont think that some books that are found offensive beacause only that person or indvidual can learn what being offensive is. So keeping these types of books @MONTH1 help other people who are readers.",3.7231972
"Should there be cenorship in the Libraries or not? Many people have there own personal view on this subject. Everyone should know their own boundaries of what they know is appropriate to look at and what isn't. Libraries shouldn't have to remove books and etc. that they themselves have purchased to get. Now they want them cenored? i don't think that is very right.          Libraries should take all the cenored material and make a part of the library where the customers can't see from the main section and it would be open to the customers who would like to go in that specific section to check out a book or anything else that @MONTH1 apply to that section. The library was build for anyone who just wanted to go to a place to escape the troubles of their own world and just go sit in a library and read. Not everyone goes to the library for a book, some go to listen to music, some go to read a magazine, well whatever it is for the libraries can't take out the material that people go there just go get. How do they expect customers to come back if they're taking material out of the library? The internet and @CAPS1 is way more offensive than material in a library so what gives them the right to say get all your offensive inappropriate material out of the library. If libraries have to do that then so should all the other entertainment industries.     Finally every library should have their own control over what they think is best for their own facility. My opinion says we should just move the material else where in the building, in it's own little wing or something. Where people could if they would like to go in and check something out but if people didn't want to go in they sure don't have to. Everyone has thier own personal opinion on this subject, and well i gave you mine",3.4550276
"Know you ask me to write an essay to a newspaper reflecting my views on censorship in libraries.  Well ok then I will you my not like what I have to say but I really dont care @CAPS1 if it was up to your dam goverment to decide what we could say or what we can read or even do. Theyd have us all in our house with our hands tied so we couldent learn more then how to eat, clean, and dress our selfs.      Now the way I see it is that we have every rite to read any book we please when we whant to read it. now if we dont want to read a book then we dont have to read it. but we as a people and they as a goverment do not have the rite to take your books out of the libraries. Now we as a people can press any thing we want @CAPS1 no matter what they as in the goverment thinks it is the people who run the stat not the dam goverment.     My point is, is that the books are there to teach us about our lives, our histoy. Books teach us about what wrong and what is rite. Books are here to give sceary story by a camp fire they are here to give kids a bed time story.  If we take thos books off our shelves you think the kids of your generation are bad just wait @CAPS1 the next one will be worse than this one i promise you that.      Now it is our rite to save our books, @CAPS1 if we do not then us as @CAPS3 will be lost. For without book our passed is lost, our fock tales are forgoten, our kids will not be able to sleep at night without there storys.      Now come guy as a all pull it together. If you see a book on the shevles and you think its offences then by @CAPS4 put the dam thing down and walk away from it dont complane about it. No one told you that you had to read it. So don't ruine it for everyone just @CAPS1 eather you dont belive in @CAPS4 and you think that the bibles not rite then dont touch. its the same way around if you do bleave in @CAPS4 and you think that all book that tell about a witch or vampires or that my even have a hore house in just leave it alone. its just a dam book let us read them. See you guy blame us kids that the vido games roten our minds but realy its the parent that dose @CAPS1 see there is nothing more a teenanger like myself loves to do more than to do something there mom or dad says not. So gut just back off and let us read and play and do what in the hell we want to do.",2.9046082
"Dear all computer lovers, i do think you are all spending too much time on the computer. yes, it is good to go on the computer and learn new fact, watch funny videos, and also basicly everything is on the computer these days. But most people spend to much time on the computer. you need to be doing three things, enjoy nature spending time with family and friends and most importantly, exercise. In this letter I will be explaing why you need these things, wich you cant get on the computer. First, i will be explainig why it is important to enjoy nature. Sometimes, enjoying nature can be difficult but if we all look closer it can be really fun. Some examples of nature are trees, grass, the fresh air. But I am sure all of my fellow teenagers would agree that, that is very boring we would all rather sit and watch tv. Some examples of making of making nature fun is instead of looking at a boring tree, you can climb the tree and maybe you can go outside and play with your dog and lay in the grass. One example of my favorite things to do in nature, is when I say up all night I run outside very early and lay in the grass, breathe in the fresh air and watch the sun came up. Secondly, and every importanrt that you get off the computer and spend time with family and friends. Fa mily, can do @MONTH1 things with you and I know that I am very happy when I am with family because they always make me laugh and most importantly my family loves to party. Partys are always fun ecspecially when your are with family. Freinds are also great to be with because they make you laugh have adventures and are always there for you.",3.3960814
"I believe that computers benefit society and help people understand things more clearly. Computers help people study, learn, and even talk to other people. Here are some good reasons on why computers help people out with problems. First of all, computers give you information on things that you cannot find in books. People can look up places for vacations, what their child's grade in school is, and find healthy food recipies. Without the computers people would be lost not knowing what to do. Next, computers let you talk to friends. You can discuss things like weather, ideas you have, you can even plan exercise days. What if something important happens? The person does not have his or hers phone. What could they do? They could go on the computer and tell their friend. It would be a lot easier than driving over to the persons house then driving driving all the way back. Finally, computers can give you a good sense of hand eye cordination. Computers can teach you how to type without even looking at the keyboard. This skill could be used to pursue a good career in the carpentry field. Computers can also help you study for a new job and what the requirements are. In conclusion, I believe that computers make peoples a little bit easier knowing that they have vital information right at the tips of their fingers. It can also help them in anything they want to do. Like talk to friends, look up info and teach skills.",3.2195458
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 register, I am writting you to urge you that the affect computers have people is helpful. The reason I say the computers are helpful is because it helps give direction helping the economy and because you can send messages thru quickly (instant messaging). Read on so I could let you know how and why these things about the computer are helpful. @CAPS7 I know I said computers help gives direction but let me explain it like this. You know when you need to go out somewhere far and you don't know how to act there and have no @CAPS3 in your car. Well then think about it on computer is your only option left. Like for example when I was going down south @DATE1 we didn't have no @CAPS4.P.S and we didn't know how to get their. So our only option was the computer. We logged on to google on found our direction @NUM1. So this is the first reason @CAPS7 read the next on. Okay, okay, okay. @CAPS7 we all know the way our economy is rediculous. Away computers helping our economy is instead of people driving to go pay there bills, they could pay online. Because it's saving money and the state won't have to pay for questions to get gas for the cars often or get re-build. Like for example this gas station near my house is getting re-built because something went wrong with the pipes @CAPS7 this is costing us all about @MONEY1. @CAPS7 say this isn't away we could save the economy. Its about time to move to the next reason. Listen here, here, here's my @DATE1 reason how computers are helpful. Im other known as instant messaging. This is helpful if you don't have a house phone nor on cellphone and you wanna tell you a family member or friend something really bad had happened then you could tell thru by instant messaging (@CAPS5) because they would surely would get it. Like one time my friend aint have a house phone nor cellphone and somebody was trying to brake into her house she had instant message me to let me know because it could get send to my cellphone. And I called her mom to let her know and befor I know it another massage was coming thru saving ""@CAPS6 you."" @CAPS7 after reading how computers are helpful by helping give direction, save the economy and instant messaging, could you agree with me saying computers are helpful. Its still your opinion but you read minds so think about what you read on say it isn't true.",3.782205
"Have you ever went to a library and found that some books arn't really the best choice for younger kids to be reading? Well I am about to write a persuasive essay explaining what I think is best for younger children to be reading.          I have went to multiple libraries and found that some books, magazines, and movies are way to extreme for kids to be reading/watching. I personaly think that children who arn't above @CAPS5 years old shouldn't be exposed of rated @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 @NUM1 books, movies, or magazines. Children shouldn't have to know what adult movies, books, or magazines should look like at the age @NUM2. What I think kids should watch or read are @CAPS2 movies and books.           Some of you are probly like 'but it's not like there going to know what it means.' @CAPS4 if children don't know what something means then that deffinantly won't stop them from saying it. Children learn by hands on or watching other things. They will eventually ask what does this mean or mommy what does this word mean. No parent is ready to tell there child at the age of three what a four letter word means. If you are one of the few parents that don't know how to explain things to your child then thats when you can bring out the older books/movies. But don't let them read it on there own. Usually kids will start asking about more adult things when the hit the age @CAPS5 and up. Thats when you as a parents can start letting them read and watch older movies and books.          Tweleve years old is still a pretty young age for a kid to be reading and watching older movies on there own. Thats when you as a parent can sit down next to them and explain what is going on. As a kid we look up to our parents. We learn from seeing what you guys do. That is the exact same thing as reading and watching movies that are way to extreme for us at the age of ten. At the age of sixteen then usually kids are fine on there own they know what to expect. They know what is happening and they know how to handel it.           In conclusion I think that rated @CAPS1 books, magazines and movies should be kept above ages one-@CAPS5. I think that kids will be better off learning about things that they need to know by the time middle school starts. Then once they hit highschool they will already know about what becoming an adult is all about",3.3916805
"Dear Local @CAPS1 Newspaper, @CAPS2 I see why some people think that computers and technology are bad for society, I on the other hand strongly disagree with them. In my eyes technology, especially computers can bring people together and computers are very benificial to @CAPS5. Also computers can save you time and money now. First off computers can bring people together. I had one of my best friends move across the country, all the way to @LOCATION1! and I don't get to see her so I now video chat with her on my laptop. and if I didn't have that opportunity then we probably wouldn't have stayed in touch with each other. That experience was not only with a friend but it happened with a family member as well, my grandmother. Every year for passover the whole family comes to house to celebrate but because she is getting older we video chat so she can see the whole family together. It is wonderful experience. As I said before computers can be benifical to @CAPS5. You might be thinking ""@CAPS3 it can only understand that but I am a student at @ORGANIZATION1 and sometimes I forget to write an assignment down so I get my laptop and go to @ORGANIZATION1 notes. com, if that was have gotten a zero on the homework. See! Computers are very benifical! Have you ever been in a situation where you need something but you just don't have time? Well now many things can be ordered offline. You can get things from food to cloths and toys. Surveys have proven that over @PERCENT1 of average @CAPS4 order off of the computer and save money from gas because they don't have to drive. Overall, I think computers can be handy and helpful to all ages, @CAPS5 with homeworks, family and friends and adults who don't have a lot of time. And I think as years go by more and more people will start to realize that.",3.5516348
"@PERCENT1 of all people in the @LOCATION3 have computers. This number shows how many people enjoy the technological advancement of the computer. It help us communicate better get imformation quicker and entertain us. Computer have a very positive effect on us. With the invention of the computer, more and more people can communicate quicker and eaisier. For instance, say @CAPS1 you wanted to talk to a friend in @LOCATION1, all you have to do is go on a social networking site and talk with them. Also, @CAPS1 you have relatives who live across the country, you could use webcam to talk with them. When you can talk to people from around the world. You can learn alot more about other countries culture and other cities way of life. Finally, @CAPS1 a relative is away, you can still talk to your uncle or grandma, the relationship just gets better. The internet and computers are a wealth of information. With all of the search engines on the internet you can findout how tall a maple tree is or , how to lose weight. Others @MONTH1 say that sitting down and not moving while learning is bad, but you could search about family activities nature walks and new and exciting excersises. When students need information on a school project, they can go on and search it instead of going over to the library. As a result of the internet, people are smarter. Because of the internet there is basically no more boredom. Kids and adults alike are not bored. Boredom is bad, because kids will do anything to stop it. When the computer came, people could plaly games, watch @CAPS2.V. and movies, and do business. @CAPS1 you missed you favorite @CAPS2.V. Show you can go online and watch them. @CAPS1 you need to mail a letter to @LOCATION2, e-mail comes into place, and you mail will never be slow. And finally, you can play many, many games on the internet to keep up that eye hand coordination. With all of these exceptionally great things, we can all live in a happier, better world. Theres information quicker, communication better, and entertainment better. All of the search were in a very good world.",3.6846628
"Dear @CAPS1, I dont think that computers are something that people should be using @NUM1. Computers have something to them where somehow the become addictive. From the people who are gaining weight every day because the sit on the computer and chat all day. Then there are those terrible people on the internet who disguise themselfs so they look like a @NUM2 year old boy when there really a year old man. Lastly, people now a days are using the computer as a sorce of reading instead of books. I just think that computers are ruining the life of many people. For starters, most people today are becoming overweight because they either wacth to much @CAPS2, or they sit on the computer and eat all day. Once you start with the computer you'll never stop. Especially if your multi-tasking where you eat and use the computer. The big problem is people think it's better to be sitting home than out enjoying nature exercising! It really isn't good that people dont get of the computer and start enjoying life. Next not everyone online is who they say they are who make false accounts on like @CAPS3 or @CAPS4. There can be men who say there and really be @NUM3. With all the posting of pictures someone you with it. Just remember to be careful! Lastly, people in todays day in age use the computer to read books instead of going to the library or @CAPS5 and @CAPS6 (or any book store). I think that all those bookstores are going to run out of business because of the technology now a days. When I was younger and I said that I was going to read a book, I was really reading one. I wasn't reading it on the computer. People need to cut down on the electronics. In the end I think that computers are a real waste of time. There is no reason why people should be on the computer instead of exercise. Everyone needs to stay away from the bad people online. Also can we please start using normal books instead of online ones. I think computers need to stop taking over our world and start just being there when we need them.",3.4712029
"Dear @CAPS1 of the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 daily, I am writing you to address the issue of computers in our society today. Each day new discoverys are made from the people that use computers in our society, however many people say that computers are harmful to are communtiy. Today I am going to convince you and society that computers are not as much as on issue as some people say they are. To begin with discoverys in our nation have been advancing rapidly. Each day new discoverys are benefiting our society however they are only being made possible by the help of computers. Without computers some for dieseases would have never been discovered and more people. Would have died. Secondly, computers have also increased medical care and have been the cave between life or death. Finnaly, computers help speed up production rates of cars household neccessitys, and many more objects. Have you ever been bored at home and looking for something to do on that dark, rainy, chilly night? Yes, exactly what I thought well the new technology advances in social-networking can even help the most bored and lonelyest people and give them something to do. Even if your just looking to talk to someone you can easily do that on the internet. So you people out there looking for that special someone will always be able to look somewhere. With all the social networks like twitter, myspace, facebook, and youtube you will always have something to do. During this economic recestion it seems that finding a job is so hard, however the internet comes to the rescue yet again. The internet can help you find a job twice if not three times as fast. Many people also speed up their word by using the computer. With microsoft things are lot easier to do work that you need to make up I hope that everyone can understand how much the computer help you, rather then hurt you. @CAPS1 of the newspaper, I hope you and the rest of the community can see that computer help you more that they hurt you. Thank you very much for your time and effort that you put in to listen to me.",3.6839523
"My opinion on this would be that , they are going to learn about @CAPS3 anyways so why take @CAPS3 off the shelfs ? No I don't think any adult material should be cencered . You know when your little girl or boy as about what they have in there hand , simple just take @CAPS3 from them and say '@CAPS1 your eyes can't handle .' @CAPS2 , they are going to ask questions and @CAPS2 , they will start to wonder , but they learn that stuff in school anyways so what's the big deal ?      If I had a child , who had got into my personal stuff and started asking questions , I would simply tell them '@CAPS3's a mommy and daddy thing ' , and then hide @CAPS3 in a diffrent place to where I know they can't find @CAPS3 . I mean , when you was a child , of course your parents would have yelled at you for going into there room and looking threw there stuff , but then again , you would yell at them for having @CAPS3 when they got older . So don't disaplin your children for @CAPS1 they 'stummbled' on to , you should learn how to hide your stuff better . I'm not saying I would have any of that stuff (why would I need @CAPS3 ?) but , as a student looking into the future , I have a opinion .     Now lets say that you have a couple of maginzines under your bed and your child happens to see them . @CAPS2 they will start looking at them , and some words might come out , but that does not mean they did @CAPS1 wrong , @CAPS3's the parents fault . Like I said before I would hide my stuff better but , then again , I don't need that kind of stuff to live a happy life , I have my children and my husband and that is all I'll ever need .     So before you parents decide to protest about the library having stuff that children are not suppose to see , check your room , hide your stuff so you wont be the embarassed one . No , a library can have whatever they want , @CAPS3's not your place to say what they should get ride of and what should stay.As a student , I stand up and say , No , adult material should not be banned from library's , then you would here the adults complaining and that is @CAPS1 we don't need .",3.252058
"I think that a library should be just books because that what they are made for. If we started putting movies in the librarys why put books in the libraries. I think it should be one or the other. If movies were in libraries i think that people would get more movies than books, and just think how it would be if you put music in a library also. I do think that a magazine is a book.     Movies should stay in a movie store of at the movie theater. not in libraries. Music should stay on the radio or in stores not in libraries. People would lose intrest in books if people started putting movies and music in libraries. I think they are trying to put technology in libraries and im not for that.     If music and movies were at libraries their would be no need for books and people would stop buying books. We need books they are the oldest but most acreart way to express yourself or tell a story. but now they want movies or music.",2.6261659
"Dear @CAPS1, More and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. I support advantages in technology and believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, they allow you to talk to people online, and you can play games games that can help you with your school-work. Do you believe that computers give people the ability to learn about faraway people and places? You can use google.com and look up different cultures and find out how the stuff they do is different from us and what kind of food they eat. For example, in @LOCATION1, they sit on the floor @CAPS2 they eat. We get to sit at a table on our dining rooms or kitchens. @PERCENT1 of people in would floor. Surely, computers allow you @CAPS2 my cousin on the computer and @CAPS3 important to note that, on computers you can play games that can help you with your school-work. You can go on sites that you on your @CAPS4. Show you how your body works for @CAPS5, and tell you about the revolutionary war for @CAPS6 @CAPS7. These sites are not boring. This a whole lot of fun! Whoever thought that learning would be fun? I sure didnt. The time is now! Just think that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends because no matter what, people will always have time for that.",3.2929251
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 off, I beileve that computers are very helpfull to many people by looking up information, or talking to friends. Although many kids should be spending their time outside, the computer is a well-occupied environment that helps kids learn and interact with others. I believe kids should have the right to stay on the computer as long as they desire. Although, they should always make time go outside, hang out with friends, ect. The computer @MONTH1 be fun but its always important to get outside and enjoy nature. Another reason why students should not spend all their time on the computer is because of their health. If a child gets addicted to the computer it will affect how he interacts with other and @MONTH1 do serious damage to their brain. Although, I believe children should have the right on the computer, it's always important to spend time outside enjoying nature. Another reason why I think children should have the right to the computer is because of the information they learn and discover. Many kids grow up to have a career in computer makings or program designing. Some kids @MONTH1 have their education online or to teach others. The computer is a non-stop generation of intelligence based to help people learn, play and discover. Many people have dream to one day build a computer or make new programs. All students should have the right to spend time on the computer but also to save time to spend outside and with friends. Everyone has their own perspective on how they think and if staying on the computer all day is a good thing. I do not think kids should do this because it might affect their health and how other think of them.",3.3347316
"There are different types of books, movies, magnazines, and tape recorders in libraries. Books can be fiction or nonfiction. However, books or any other items can be offensive to people but to others it is just a book to read. So therefore, libraries should not remove books or any other items from the shelf.      Who picks out the books, movies, magnazines, and tape recorders? The answer is the customers at the library. The authors of the books or items did not. The authors gave the decision to choice between books or items. No one can blame the authors. Also, there are different kinds and different types of writtters or artists. Writters and artists took their time for completing a novel or series for us to read or hear. People should not take it seriously about books or other source because it can be nonfiction are fiction.      My next example why libraries should not remove items off the shelf is it might offensed someone but not to others. For example slavery can offensed a colored person but to others it is just a historical event. People need to know what happened in the past with historical events. People need to read the introduction before checking out the book to know if they like it or not. Therefore, people should not try to remove it.                    If a child checks out a book and their parents let them, it is the parents fault. It is there fault because parents let their child check the items out. Also, if a person has a problem with books or any other sources then complain but the libraries should not remove it from the shelf. Like I said before, one person might not like the book or other source but another person might like it.           Libraries are for people to check out books or other sources, and not to remove books or other source off the shelves.",3.6844797
"The librarys are made for everyone, from childern to adults. There @MONTH1 be somethings that should not be in certian areas or even in the place at all.      With the librarys having all age groups of books there,  their @MONTH1 or should not be some material in thoes areas for them to see. let alone @MONTH1 not even be there to begin with. Any age of childern can pick up a material that @MONTH1 contain eaither offensive/or just some things that they should not see. I think that librarys should only contain materials that are approiate for all age groups.      This is my oppion why i think librarys should only have materials with approiate images and words for all age groups. You dont know what your or someone eals child @MONTH1 pick up and read or hear. The beat thing to do is have all approiater materials and nothing eals",2.2216454
"Do you believe that certain books, movies, or magazines should be taken off the shelf in a library due to censorship? There are many times when you hear a parent tell their child not to look at that magazine because they don't want them to see the vulgar things on the inside. I've heard parents tell their children not to ever watch that movie because it'll show things that they don't need to be seeing. Almost every day we're put in situations like these, not knowing whether we should pick up the magazine or just leave it on the shelf. In my opinion, I believe that libraries should remove anything vulgar from the shelves. Kids are encouraged to go to the library as much as possible, but not if there is vulgar things on the shelves.     Kids are told many times a week by their parents, teachers, and other adults to go the library. They can work on their homework, read a book, or do some studying for school. When they get distracted from finding the book they want with a book that has vulgar things in it, they're going to be curious. The main reason I disagree with having vulgar things on the shelves is because of young children. The last thing they need to be looking at is something that isn't appropriate for their age. It's hard for a child to turn down a movie or magazine they've never seen or looked at before.     In most libraries the adult section is seperated from the childrens section. This doesn't mean that a child can't over hear something that the adults are listening to or watching. The childrens section is made for fairytale stories and kid movies, but when the adult section has things going on over there that aren't the most appropriate then kids can over hear. If children and adults are going to be in the same library then I think they should make it completely impossible for children to veer over there and see what's new on that side of the library.     Another reason I think libraries should censor themselves more is because of teenages in the community. After school hours, a lot of teenagers in our community enjoy going to the library. If this is such a good environment for teenagers to be then why are they able to download bad music off of the internet?      Some teenagers listen to bad music with cursing, vulgar language, and much more. Libraries should make it impossible for teenagers to do this. If they want to download bad music then they need to do it somewhere else where youngers can't get ahold of any of it.      My last argument for this is a heads up for the parents. Parents should check out what stuff their kids are looking at when they go to the library. You might not think your child would look at something with vulgar things, but sometimes, they're curious. All children are and it's human nature to be curious. I, myself, would go with my child a few times just to see what's in the library and tell them not to take things off the shelves that look bad.      Some libraries can't completely fix everything. They can't take every bad or vulgar thing off of the shelves. In the quote it says, 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.', I can think of books and magazines that I  would never want any child to look at, especially at a young age. Libraries need to be more interested in taking vulgar things off the shelves so that younger children cannot get ahold of. It's one thing for a child to see a book or magazine that isn't necessarily appropriate, but in a library it's a completely different story",3.8353748
"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I believe computers and excelling technology benefits society because it can help with hand eye coordination, it will be an easy way to learn about faraway places and cultures, and your able to save and use your time more wisely. First of all every person needs hand-eye coordination, if you didn't you would either thore a ball in the comlplete other direction or you'll get hit in the face with it. Computers benefit childrens education too, they can help you discover and learn about far away places. For example if a student is studying @PERSON3 @LOCATION1 in their @CAPS2 @CAPS3 class, @PERSON1 in @CAPS4 class or maybe @PERSON2 in music class, instead of pulling out the old, dustty biography book it would be easier to look them up on a search engine. Lastly the computer benefits everyday working or stay at home parents because if you have to get in contact with a cetain person or business quickly you don't have to take the chance of having to go look in the phone book and the person or business isn't in it, just go to to @NUM1.com type in a last name or business name, so your all set. Also if your child is being a nuisance screaming and running around the house you can just set them up with an educational game so you can get your house-hold chores finished. Those are three of the most important reasons why I think computers benefit society. They are hand-eye coordination, learning techniques and saving everyday people time.",3.2012215
"Dear @LOCATION1, I'm writing this letter to you to tell you my opinion on the effects computers have on people. My opinion is that computers have a positive effect on people. First reason is they give the ability to learn about people and places in the world. Another reason is that computers bring unity to the nation and even the world. Last reason is it can help you be organize and get a job. Now I will move on to give more details on my first reason. When I have a school project on a famous person or somewhere in the world I know that the computer will give me more information than a book. If I am doing the project on a place and I want to know how far is it from where I live to there or whats the weather of that place all I have to do is type it down in a search engine and the computer will give me a bunch of websites that will answer my question. Now, if you can't draw a picture for your biography project go on a search engine and type down the name of the person you're doing and don't for get to type down pictures or photos and you will see a bunch of pictures of that person. Now I will move on to my second reason. Computers bring unity in the nation and the world for example think about these social networks like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, and @CAPS3 these networks has millions of people on them that you can talk to. And what about the @ORGANIZATION1, webcam, where you can talk to the person face to face. Just recently there been earthquakes in @LOCATION2 and @LOCATION3 you can spread the news to family members or friends to tell them to support and help those in need. Now I will move on the my last reason. Computers are everywhere there's never a job that does not have a computer. That means that you need to know how to work with computers to get a job which can be.",3.4022937
"I think that if a book can be published then it should be able to be in a library. If a book is published then it means it's open to the public so I don't see why it can't be in the libraries. If a book has to be removed from a library then why did they buy it?      I really don't see the need to take a book off the shelf in a library. If someone dosen't like it then they don't have to get it. I beleive that only the owner of the library should be the only one to take a book off a shelf because it is their own store, but why would they waste the money in buying the book.     The public shouldn't be able to remove books from libraries because not everyone likes the same kind of books. Everyone has different views also. If anyone could remove  books from libraries then there wouldnt be any books in the library.     A book is a book. Not a criminal so why remove books from libraries? If a book can be published then it can be put in libraries. There is no reason for a book to be taken off the shelf because its been published so it's already open to the public.",2.966125
"Isn't  it shocking that some books, music, movies and magazines you find on your library shelf today aren't appropriate for the little ones. I believe that if you have to question whether a child should be listening or viewing this item then it shouldn't be in or around a child section at all. Some content could be offensive to not just children but also to teenagers and adults.      Some music @MONTH1 contain words that are children shouldn't be exposed to. Music such as hip/hop and rap @MONTH1 contain degrading comments to men and/or women. I wouldn't want my child listening to this type of music, or reading any book that talks about it. Music @MONTH1 also be offensive to cultures, religion, sexual orientation and race. Books or music with comments such as that should have notes written on them stating what they contain. I was reading a book called '@CAPS1 of @CAPS2', that i had picked up in the child section. After the first chapter I had wondered who who call this a children book. The character was using profanity and talking about sex the whole time. My child shouldn't be looking for a book on pie then find out its not about pie.     I once was watching a movie with my two year old that we got from the library. The movie was full of inappropriate words, therefore I had to shut it off. Movies like that should not be on the shelf at the library for my child to view. I now have to worry about what we check out. I also have had a few bad reading experiences. Magazines is a big one. Some magazines @MONTH1 contain content such as innappropriate pictures and words. Magazines should stay at the grocery store rather then a library that I take my child to.     Books, music, movies and magazines should stay out of the childrens section if they are only meant for adult viewing keep them in the adult section. Any parent would tell you that they don't agree with some of the stuff on your local library shelf today. Offendsive content shouldn't be found in the library at all. I know now to keep a better eye on what my child is reading.",3.6630135
"Controversy in the @CAPS1          @CAPS2 someone walks in to there public @CAPS1 they are overwelmed with books. Even though one person could never read that many books, the @CAPS1 has to have a wide selection, for the people that read different thing. The @CAPS1 should not get rid of books that offened some people. the @CAPS1 is a public place that allows people to read what they want. If someone dose not agree to what another person is reading they don have to be there.     Since the @CAPS1 is a public place, and people can not just throw away a book because that is offensive. Just like Katherine Paterson said, 'And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.' If everyone would throw away books that were offensive, there would be no books left. This would cause a lot of people to stop reading and learning.      The public @CAPS1 is open for anybody to read a book. Keeping this in mind the @CAPS1 has to have books that appeal to everyone. If they would only have one type of book, not many people would want go the the @CAPS1. the @CAPS1 has to offened some people to please others.     People who go the @CAPS1 go because it is there choise to go and get a book. If people find the books in the @CAPS1 offensive, they do not have to go. Books that people find offensive are on the shelf for others who want to read them. If someone finds a book offensive they dont have to read it.     Librarys should have as many books as they can, so they can appeal to every taste. They should not get rid of books that offened a small group of people. Those people do not have to read books that they find offensive. Librarys are a public place for anybody to read what they want.",3.4308507
"Although some people believe that computers turn us children into zombies, I believe that they effect us in a posotive way. Computers can help us explore far away places that we @MONTH1 never go to. Maybe help us connect with an old friend or just a little help on homeworks. One reason why I think computers are only helping us is they help us explore othe places. I know for a fact that every kid dreams of a place that they would love to visit. But not at all of us can afford to travel far away. Most families however, do have computers. With these computers, kids with a parents permission, can use the internet to learn tons of cool facts about their place. ""I have always wanted to go to @LOCATION1 but my parents just don't have the proper incomg"" said @PERSON1 of @CAPS1-@CAPS2 @CAPS3 school @CAPS4 I used my @CAPS6 and the internet to discover. HUNDREDS of amazing facts on it."" @CAPS4 as you can see computers can help people realize their dreams. Another reason why I think computers are good is they help you connect with friends. If you are like me, you like to talk to your friends. A @CAPS5! But sometimes they are too far away to call if you don't want to pay for it. A solution a new wonderful machine called. The @CAPS6! You can chat long distances without being for it. This is especially good for me because not too long ago, one of my best friends moved away to @LOCATION2. I thoughy I would never talk to him again. Then I learned about @CAPS7 @CAPS8. It allows you to talk whenever you want, whenever you want! Now, me and my friend can stay in touch and @CAPS4 can you! My finale reason as to why I think computers are good is they can help you on homework too. Even have a tricky math problem you couldn't figure out? How about the capital of a state that visit, slipped your mined? Well the @CAPS6 can solve both of those problems and more! @PERCENT1 of computers these days come with soft wear in them that comes with a calculator. For the other @PERCENT1 you can download and install softwear onto your @CAPS6 for a low price. And every @CAPS6 made in this world has internet capabilities. All's you need to do is it on and get ready for a ride! @CAPS4 don'y worry about too much @CAPS6 use, because computers can only help us not hurt us. @CAPS4 remember, computers help us live our dreams to the full extent. they also help us connect with no another, and help us excel in school. @CAPS4 get on, and get goin. Have you used your @CAPS6 today?",4.102769
"Dear editor, Have you ever stopped and asked yourself which was more important? Of course I can be talking about anything, but what about computers verses family, friends, nature, your own health etc. Well, I ask myself that quite often, and I feel that it's so much more worth it to be with family and friends than to be infront of a computer. There is so much more that I can tell you, and just after my very first reason how could there even be another side to it? Why is it that now these days kids can't simply run out to the bus stop without feeling totally winded? I feel it's because they are not getting enough well needed exercise! For example, instead of sitting infront of the computer, kids, and even adults can enjoy going to the gym. Also, children can get more involved with school sports so they can not only be participating in sports, but they can be involed with school too! Lastly, just by going for a short walk with your dog, your not only walking and getting well needed exercise, your bonding with your loyal friend. Have you ever been gazing out the car window when you just found yourself being sucked into all the beauty that nature has to offer? Well, if you have I guess you could never have too much, but if you haven't, its probably because your spending way too much time on the computer! There are so many different ways that people could learn to appreshiate nature more, such as sitting on a park bench in the @TIME1, while absorbing the fresh air and sunlight. Or you could go for a slow, realaxing bike ride through a trail with a constant cool breeze, brushing your face with every of your wheels. Finally, you could pick a warm day to sit out on the beach, and listen to some music, next to the salty ocean. How could you resist those temptations? Lastly, I believe that family is the most important thing to missing out on! Without family and friends you miss out on so many good ethics and experiences. You lose out on having good lifetime realationships, and how could you turn dow the offer to be with the people you love? In conclusion, I feel that computer are taking away most of the things that no one deserves to live without. I mean, how could anyone live without family, friends, the beauty of nature, and your own health? That is why everyone should make the right desition to take reasponcible charge of their life, and the same question, which is more important?",4.257977
"Dear, local Newspaper @CAPS1 I read the article and I think that you guys are right because in the @DATE1 kids rather stay inside on the computer. @CAPS1 who know's what they do @CAPS1 some kids are on facebook all day some are on @CAPS2 or @CAPS3. Sometimes kids dont even like to go do exercises they stay on the computer eating & eating. I think if their was no technology kids these days wont be beast. Some kids dont even like hanging out with their friends or family they say that they want to stay home on the computer but we should do more, exercises than being on the computer. If were always on the computer we wont learn nothing at school because when were at school kids could be thinking about going home to go on the computer and you wont focused on our education @CAPS1. And what if kids drop out or dont come to school anymore because they to be chatting with their friends or a stranger. What if a girl didn't want to go to school and on her computer. What if she is talking to a stranger computers so kids can just go and do some exersis instead of being on the computer and wont be a beast anymore.",3.0228095
"Dear @CAPS1 of the @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS2 you know that computer have been around since the @DATE1. Ever since then, many people have had a better life. Computers really help the elderly out a lot. When they need to pay a bill, they could just log in, pay it and move on. Another thing is if they need to write a letter, but their handwriting isn't that elegable anymore, they could type it, print it, and be done. This way the person receiving the letter will be able to read the letter. Computers are a fad that will never die out. Doctor @PERSON2 of the @ORGANIZATION1 in @PERSON1 said, ""The children I work with use computers everyday to build their hand to eye skills, ever since they have increased that skill @PERCENT1."" The corperate from @ORGANIZATION3 said that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people agree that everyone should have a computer. Computer help you out with projects and I think everyone should have one too. Are you ever sitting home with nothing to do? Well, why don't you go out and buy a computer to play with? Computers can help you do all types of things. If you like to play video games. then you'll love one of these machines. They have all types of game systems out there just for computers. They also have web sites you could go on just to play them. I'm sure most of you like to play games, so why not try it. A basic computer isn't that much if your worried about the money. So go out and buy one. There is a lot of people in college now and mostly all of them have computers. They make research easier and faster to find. Which would you rather do get ready, jump in the car, drive to the library, search for a book, stand in line, and check it out, or, get on the computer, search what your looking for and be done? You make that decision. When college students get stressed which happens all the time, they could turn on music from the computer to calm them down. Computers have changed the world in a good way, and they continue too. You should buy a computer today.",3.677905
"Should offenive material be censored? No, censoring books, music, movies, magazines, etc. takes away from our freedom as an american citizen.  If you think books should be censored, then think about this.  Would they take 'hell' or 'damned' out of the bible because those words are considered offensive?  I do not think so, those words give power to the book.  @CAPS1 books, considered offensive, are an insigh to history and culture.  Taking away these books will limit education.  Books should not be censored.         I very resent and much talked about case of censorship is the popular book '@ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1.'  The book tells the story of a young white boy running off with an older black man.  In the story, the word 'nigger' is used frequently.  A lot of people were offended by the using of this word, so they republished a new version of the book, replacing 'nigger' with 'slave.'  @CAPS1 people were happy with the word change, but others felt that by censoring the word they were taking away a very vital part of the story.  I agree with the latter statement.  The story's setting was back when black people were slaves and known as niggers.  I agree that the word nigger carries a heavy connotaion, but that is the purpose of using the word.  The author used it so that the reader could get a feel for what life was like back then.  When thinking about the coming generations, who will not know about slavery or black oppression, the book gives a raw insight into how life was for a black man. The word itself is a symbolism of slavery, without it, the book is not as powerful.       Censorship is a fine line, and everybody has a different place where they draw that line. The story of @ORGANIZATION1 is just one example of censorship.  On television, nudity and language is censored when dubbed inappropriate.  It should be up to the parent to decide which books there child should read, which magazines they should buy, and which television programs they should watch.  If the parent sees the book as offensive or think that there child should not read it, then they should be the ones who makes sure their child does not read it.  The books should not be taken of the shelf because they will entertain and educate other children or parents.  Books should not be censored, if a person does not think the book is appropriate, then they do not have to read it.",3.9675584
"Books, music, movies, magazines, ect. should be remove if they are offensive to a race or any other kinds of belifs unless they are biogical or historical time line.  If the reading material is so offensive towards you or your belifs, you @MONTH1 want to see a libarian and tell what you think about so that the reading material will be remove off the sevles and gone.     I think that if it goes against something in a bad way is should be removed and gone.  I've read a magazine before and it had some offensive stuff.  I went to the libarian, told her that i wanted this magazine off the shelves.  We argued for about five minutes and finally the magazine was off the shelves.       Nobody wants something to go against them in anyway.  Thats way we should have offensive material off our libaries shelves.",2.437846
"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 not advance in technology?"" asks four year old @PERSON2. There are countless reasons, people are spending way too much time on the technology we have already such as the computer. @CAPS9 of wasting time on this device, people arent excersicing, enjoying nature, and spending quality time with their friends and family. When you are on the computer for one hour, how many calories do you think you're burning? According to a study done at @ORGANIZATION2, one of the best colleges in the world, you're only burning @NUM1 calories. To maintain a healthy weight, you must burn at least @NUM1,000 calories a day! The average citizen in @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1 spends @NUM3 hours on the computer so that's @NUM4 calories. Even if they did aerobic excersize for the rest of the day, they couldn't burn enough calories @CAPS9 you can only burn @NUM5 calories an hour at the average aerobics class. If people can't maintain a healthy weight, they became obese, if they are obese they can get heart attacks, and if they have a heart attack, they could die! @PERCENT2 of the obese population in the @LOCATION4 die from a heart attack. With out a doubt, computers are like poison, if you use it, you'll get sick - but if you use to much, you'll die. Imagine - birds chirping up in the trees, deer sipping water out of a nice cold pond. In the distance, a fox playfully chases a butterfly. If you are in @PERCENT2 of @CAPS2 who have actually seen something like this with your own eyes you're lucky. ""@CAPS3 fellow @CAPS2, I painfully state this fact. The rainforest in @LOCATION3 is being cutdown as we speak. This is @CAPS9 the @CAPS5 never go out and smell fresh air & see how beautiful the rainforest really is. We must stop them!"" pleads former @CAPS6 @PERSON3 in an internationally televised speach. Too bad only @NUM6 out of every @NUM7 @CAPS2 could relate to kid message. @PERCENT3 of @CAPS2 have never gone out into nature. @CAPS9 of this, people are saying who cares about nature & the rain forest? ""@CAPS9 of this, the rainforest is mercilessly being destroyed and animals are loosing their homes. When a pool was given to the @PERCENT3 of people who don't ever go outside to ejoy nature @PERCENT1 of them responded that it was @CAPS9 they are too busy spending time on the computer. The computer is a monster - it's killing our planet."" I love @CAPS3 mommy. I @CAPS10 her everyday before dinner,"" sadly states eight year old, @PERSON1. Using computers kills time that could be spent with your loved ones, even if you are communicating with them on the computer. A @NUM5 year old cancer patient, @ORGANIZATION3 was on his death bed what he wished that he could change about his life, he answerd, ""I wish that I didn't use the computers as much I got to know @CAPS3 family & friends better! @ORGANIZATION3 died lates that day. Do you want to carry around that heavy of a burden with you until your death? No, you don't. In a drug rehab the @ORGANIZATION4 asked the patients @CAPS1 they started drugs in the first in the first place, @PERCENT4 answered that it was @CAPS9 they didn't feel love by their families. After they answered, they were asked @CAPS1 they didn't feel love, @PERCENT5 of them answered @CAPS9 the people that they love were to busy on the computers. Unless you want to put one of your love ones' in the hospital do not use the computers. Obviously, computers are aweful technological devices. Yes, they do help with coordination, but would you rather be fast, not enjoy family & nature, but be able to catch a ball or be healthy, loved, and loving?""",4.55614
"Do you think that libraries should remove certain materials off the shelves? People have different oppions, of whats good and whats bad. I have read and seen a lot of books in my life time. I hear people telling me, 'oh dont read that book its a bad book.'But I ask myself, @CAPS2 do I know it's a bad book when I haven't even given it a chance?'      @CAPS1 are some books, music, movies, and magazines out @CAPS1 that are offensive. Yet we still want to read, listen, watch, and look at them. If we tried to remove all the offensive books, from the libraries we wouldn't have anything left on the shelves. Katherine Paterson said, 'If I have the right to remove that book from the shelf that work i abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else. And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.' Katherine Paterson makes a great point out of her quote. Why should we have to remove a book if just some people think its offensive?     Ask yourself the question again, '@CAPS2 do you know it's a bad book when you haven't even given it a chance?' @CAPS3't judge a book by what you hear. Find out what your own oppion is",2.8894205
"Dear @CAPS1, I'm writing to you today about computers I believe that computers can teach you things such as, hand-eye coordination and how that, can open job doors for you. Also you can socialize as well as study with this device. My first reason being socialization. i think that this is a good way to socialize due to the many options. one example would be facebook. This is a social website that is used to connect or reconnect with friends. in a recent poll @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people say that computers had made them more social. Lastly, computers are a good way to socialize because of the range it can travel. You can talk to people without the long distance fees of . This can range from the @CAPS2.S to hungary in seconds. My second reason would be that computers are useful in studies. I would say this because even though books are good they use hard to find. With the computer you can access multiple sites. This being you can from wikipedia all the way to the infamous google in just . Another reason I believe computers are good for studies in that you have endless. you will get a the . The lost . My third and final reason is computer give you exceptional hand-eye coordination can because I know accountant. i asked him, ""@CAPS3 did you take that accounting job?"", and he answered, ""They only took me because I have good hand-eye coordination."" @CAPS4 thats one job exemple, another would be real state. Due to computers multiple options you can look up because in the your client. With good hand-eye, however, you can be more efficiecnt with your work. This could help you lead competition, thus, making you more money. This then ends my essay. Stating with socialization, skipping down to studies and ending right on jobs and and bye's front steps. These are only @NUM3 of the many bountiful things that a computer can do. @CAPS1 I hope you read this with my regards.",3.642043
"Computers effect a lot of people. I fully support the advances in technology. I support this because computers can let you talk to people that are faraway from you. Computers also teach hand-eye coordination. In addition, computers let you learn about countrys all over the word. Rapping it all up, electronics should keep advancing. Say your bestfriend moved to @LOCATION4. You won't see her but you can talk to her on the computer. Now in day there are a lot of websites that you can chat off at or you can also do a webcam chat like ovoo. For example, in seventh grade I moved from @LOCATION1 to @LOCATION2. I was so upset about leaving my old friends. Turns out I was fine. I just made more friends when I moved. I would make plans with my friends over facebook chating. Consequently, computers help a lot you keep in touch with friends all over the world. Computers build up your skills for everything. Hand-eye coordination is the biggest skill that computers teach anyone. When your watching an adult type most of them can type without looking at the keyboard. This is an example of hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is very helpful in sports. In basketball you should dribble and look ahead. Kinda like typing. As one can see computers help with hand-eye coordination. Google gives you answers to anything. If you have research to do most people use google and google is found on the computer. You can learn about @LOCATION3 or @LOCATION4 you name it you can type it in google, and you can learn everything about that country. For example, last year everyone had to pick a state and learn certain things about it. Most people used computers. Computers really are the best electronic in the world. There are many electronics that effect people. But, computers effect people the most. Computers let you talk to family and friends around the world. Also, computer teach you hand-eye coordination skills. Lastly, computer teach you about many countrys. In conclusion, computers should be advanced.",3.8485165
"Dear local news paper I believe the computer has a positive effect on people. It helps students with projects, helps people learn about other places, @CAPS1 it helps you find information on something you didn't know. @NUM1 precent of all teachers give out computer projects. Most reading teacher will have you read a book and then type a essay or a review about your book. Most teacher prefer the essay typed and not written. By the teacher giving that assignment he/she is giving the student the ability to explore out side of always writing. And I believe other students would agree with me, @CAPS2 better to type the essay than to write it! Is there a place out there that you really want to know more about, that you hope to someday visit? Well you can always use the computer to find out more about the place. You can use the computer to learn when is the best times to visit that place. @CAPS1 if you just heard on the news about a tradjic accident like the eartquake over in @LOCATION1, and you want to keep in touch on what is happening in that place you can use the computer. The computer will keep you updated on what is happening there everyday. Im sure almost every person has read a book and came accross a word they did not know or a student had spelling words that they didn't know what the words meant. Well you can use the computer to look up the words.The computer will give you the full deffinition and how to pronance the word. Computers @CAPS1 will help you find any information you @MONTH1 need, ""AND @CAPS3!"" In conclusion computers aren't just a thing that kids play on all day it helps you with many things like getting your work done, finding out about places, and finding out information about things you need to know, ""And @CAPS3!""",3.470913
"Censoring any type of media such as books, magazines, movies, or music from a library is not right. A library is huge amount information put common places for people to seek out knowledge.When something is found offensive, you should not hide it a away as though it was never there. If any media is offensive, it should be the person who is looking up the information to choose if he/she wants to use it.When someone for example a child has something offensive, the first thought is to take it away from the library or television.Instead, just explain what it is there looking at and they will eventually understand the reason it is offensive, but how does someone know what is offensive or not?Just because something is found offensive by one or two people does not make it right to just take it away. It should be talked about or discused by groups of people on the subject then decided whether or not it should be taken off the shelves for being offensive.If there is a book or magazine on the shelve and it might be offensive it should a decision made by the people surrounding that type information to take it off the shelve and not to be hidden away.",3.2408848
"Should books,music,magazines, etc., be removed form shelves that are found offensive? Everyone has their own oppion on that question. In my years of reading I have read a few books that were questionable. I wouldn't say someone else couldn't relate to it.      Personaly i don't think anything should be removed from the shelves. While growning up our parents try to keep us from things, at that point in life don't need to see. I can agree with age limit but you can't hide everything. Isn't it best to let the children know whats out there before you just letting them go to find out on there own?     You would probably get multiple answers to that question. My personal views @MONTH1 be different from the person sitting bestide me, but I think you should be able to have the right to read, see, and litsen to what you want. The world is not a safe place, its scary and mean to the people. When I raise my children, when they're younger there will be certin things that they wont know and wont see. But thats just part of raising your kids, when they get older and start asking quesions i'm going to answer with the truth.     Is keeping these things from our children lying to them? I would have to say yes to that question. By taking these things away from the youth we are telling them that its not out there, that the world is perfect and there is no wrong. Some people would actually say that, but I have to say to them that they haven't lived. Still to this day there is segregation to all people not just against races but in our own race itself.     To conclude my oppion I would have to say that we should be free to read and see what we want. We shouldn't, not let anyone see it and them and then let them out in the world, and have a complete culture shock. Teach your children whats out there, let them know the truth about the world. Should certain materials be removed from shelves? No, @CAPS1 is to judge what we see and hear?",3.4214845
"Dear Local Newspaper, @ORGANIZATION1 has been a discussion around the @LOCATION1 for decades now. People cannot agree on whether computers are a good privelage to the society or just bumping it down year after year. I think computers do have a positive effect on people. This is because they teach hand-eye coordination, give them knowlege about cultures around the world, and allow people to communicate with one another. Do you think the downsides really outweigh these positives? Hand-eye coordination is not something you are born with. You gain it as you get older and acheive practive. Computers help with this goal. ""@PERCENT1 of people who go on the @ORGANIZATION1 frequently, have been horrible at catching a baseball before going on the @ORGANIZATION1, and after have caught every time."" says biologist @PERSON1. And it not only helps with baseball, but with other sports such as juggling, golf or tennis. If you get very good at these sports, you can play them for fun, or even as a proffessional. Who knew that playing on the @ORGANIZATION1 could get you so far in life?! Did you know, according to ""Time"" magazine, that people who go on the @ORGANIZATION1 are better able to focus on tasks, such as schoolwork, because it enables your hands and eyes to work together as one? And everyone knows that if you get good grades in school, almost any job you could be qualified in? Then, you can earn a good amount of money, and live your dream life!! Oh, great another @NUM1 hour day of school. Hhmm. What do I have first block? @LOCATION3 history. What? Yes! We're doing a culture project! That means I can easily go on the @ORGANIZATION1 and find out great things about what place I'm assigned. That's another up-put about computers. Easy access to tons of useful information. I have cheerleading everyday after school until @NUM2. If I have a project, I don't have hours and hours to look in books and find out what I need to know. Computers allow me to do my sport and still get a good grade in school. @PERCENT2 of people use computers to do their informational work about faraway places. It is faster and more accurate. You could just search through your bookshelf to find an almanac. But once you find it, you would need to check the copyright. Hopefully it's recent. If not, you're in trouble. Would you feel like prying through more shelves to be acccurate? Facebook, @CAPS1, @CAPS2. All new ways to communicate with people. Just another useful effect on people. Forgot to write down your homework? Hopefully your friend didn't and you can just ask them. ""@PERCENT3 of people don't chat with others online."" says @LOCATION2 @ORGANIZATION1 expert. Most of it has to be for some reason or another. Such as homework, what happened that day, or how they haven't seen eachother in forever. Don't you chat with people online? Trust me, it can be a gradesaver. Maybe this will help you conclude that computers give a positive effect on society because of handeye coordination, information, and chatting. What would we do without them?",4.342228
"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 a world where the uneployment rate rises sinificgently, people can't communicate or learn as fast, and everyone is stressed out. That's what the world would be like if computers just discapeared. I think computers are more benefical to society then some people relize. They teach us new things and help us with hand-eye coordination. Many jobs are involved with computers, such as an acountend. Computer games and @CAPS2 help take the edge off after a hard day. Schools are the backbone of society. They teach kids and teen how to become sucessful adults. Computers have helped greatly in speeding up the teaching process. Teachers can now acess grades in a heartbeat. My computer helps me.",2.6707456
"Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, I believe that computers do benefit society. People are able to read, shop, and play online. This makes life easier for many people. Buying books that you would like to read can get expensive. With the internet, people are able to read almost any book right on their computer. In a recent survey, it was found that people who read books online save an additional @MONEY1 a year more than people who buy books. People can also read things like newspaper online. If there is snow on the ground, and people are unable to get their newspaper, they can read it online. This way they will know if a newspaper is still good, and continue buying it, including the @LOCATION1 @CAPS1. Additionally, people are able to shop online. Sometime, someone @MONTH1 have been an accident injuring them, and they are stuck at home. If it is a child, their parents will be unable to go to the store because they will be caring for the child. They can simply go on the computer and have food and other necessities delivered to them. People can also do this if they have a busy lifestyle with work or school. @PERSON1, a physician, told me that people who shop online have @PERCENT1 less stress than people who go to the store for the same items. He said that is is because they do not need to worry about taking much time out of their schedule to shop. Moreover, the computer is a good way to quictly play games. Young children can be very loud and energetic. Parents can just let them play games and read on the computer. Little kids love just the fact of being on the computer, and letting them go on can keep quiet and occupied for a while. Even just typing is interesting for younger kids. For older kids, there are many games that can play. Action, strategy, puzzles, and many more. They can also play against people around the world. The computer is fun for everyone. So in conclusion the computer is a very good place to go shopping, read books, and play games. Computers greatly help families of today.",3.7309995
"To whom it @MONTH1 concern:     The idea of censoring books, music, movies, or anything else from libraries or from the public eye is very offensive. There are many things that could come off as 'offensive' to any individual. Taking books or anything off the shelf because someone felt that it did not go with their certain morals or beliefs is against the writer's freedom of speech. It also can start serious issues with feuding religious groups or persons of different ideas. This also shows that the library, or so far as the country, is under one certain idea and other ideas that conflict with that will be oppressed.      One of the biggest concerns is that the freedom of speech is taken away. It @MONTH1 be something as trivial as '@CAPS1's @PERSON1?' now, but if people keep taking books off the shelf because they find something wrong with it, then our freedom is taken away. '@CAPS1's @PERSON1?' was brought up because a mother had actually gotten a certain book of the '@CAPS1's @PERSON1?' @CAPS4 taken off the shelf, because her child had gotten scared of the halloween edition. The fact that something could be banned for something so trivial is a frightening thought. There weren't many cases of this specific @PERSON1 scene scaring all the kids, so there was no need to get it banned. When someone finds something even a tad wrong they want it banned and thrown away, never again allowed to be shown to those that @MONTH1 even find an interest in it.     A big thing that @MONTH1 conflict with censorship is the idea of religion. The @CAPS5 is a published work, whether it is religious or not. Who's to say that it can't be banned? What if someone of a different religion found it highly offensive? This could cause even more conflicts between religious parties, and in turn anything religious would be banned all together. That small, faint line between state and religion is going to get blurred solely from censorship. If the @CAPS5 or works for catholics get banned, then so could published works for wiccans, muslims, buddhists, and any other sources of religion. There would be nothing for a religious or spiritual person to find comfort in. Not to mention the fear some publishers or authors will have in publishing their works. It will then become a topic far less talked about, for they would be afraid of getting into legal or social trouble for expressing their thoughts and feelings with their spirituality or religion.     This censorship will only cause future issues. This could lead to not only the religious books being banned, but anything that strays from the social norms. If someone was homophobic, they @MONTH1 start having a gay author's works banned, or just a book about the @CAPS7 community banned. That small sense of security those in that community have in those books will be taken away. Personally, I find comfort and my sense of being alone is dulled by these books. There @MONTH1 even be a possibility that some books, not necessarily just @CAPS7 books, hold someone up from that pit of depression they are so close to. It is a world someone loves to enter, to hide or confide in. To take someone's mental safety is worse than taking their physical safety.     Most people do not realize what sort of trouble they will start with censorship. It @MONTH1 mean nothing, but those that decide whether or not to censor something have to think of the picture at large; Do they lose customers for keeping it on the shelf? Or do they lose customers, and stop giving the rights of freedom of speech? It is a heavy decision to make but the decision could make or break the publishing group or legal party",4.26089
"Dear local newspaper, I think that computers are a good thing to have for the following three reasons. First, they help people learn by looking up information on different places. Second, the help people talk to friends and family using @CAPS2. Lastly they help people become less stressed by playing computers games. Learning is important and with computers, you're able to learn faster. Computers help you learn about faraway places like @LOCATION1. It is much easier to learn on the computer than to go to the library and check out a book. If you're working on a project and you needed some last minute information, you could just go to the computer and search you're topic. Learning on a computer is much more convenvent then going to the @CAPS1. Another reason computers are good is because you can talk to friends and family who are far away using something called @CAPS2. @CAPS2 allows someone to talk to another person using the computer. These people could live just down the block or half-way accrose the world. My cousin is living in spain for a semester in college. I've skped with her many times. The cool thing about @CAPS2 is that you can acctually see the person you're talking to on the computer screen. @CAPS2 is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends who are faraway. My last reason is that computers help lower your stress level by playing games. Computer games are alot of fun to play. They have games that range from @CAPS3 @CAPS4 the word, to @CAPS5 @CAPS6 beauty barn. Computer games are a great way to lower your stress because instead of piking your self up with to much work, you'll be calming your selfdown with computer games. They also gave educational games. like, Which country is which. This game teaches you geoagrahy while you have fun. Computers are a great thing to have. They help you learn about faraway places, talk to people who live faraway and play fun computer games. Computers are always going to be used and never put to waste. Theres always something you can do when you go on a computer.",3.4464028
"Kids today have a whole lot of options of books they can or cannot read in the schools library. The things they cannot read are censored. School systems have good reasons why they censor some book, and I agree with the cooperation. The facts on why books are censored in a school campus is to much racil slurs, profanity, and unaproperit situations.     How many schools have books that have racism in it. Racism happens in books all the time. In fact one out of fifty books contain racism. The big book is '@PERSON1' fin by @PERSON2. It recently got banned from schools all over the @LOCATION1.     People all around the world are trying to teach their kids what to say and what not to say. Kids pick up some bad language from the books they read. Even though some of these books still lay on the shelves of the schools. It is up to the kids not to read them.     Uniproperit situations is why schools only order some sports illustrated magazines. The school librarians don't want the kids looking at any nudity or violent scences in the books. Do you say to blame them?     I believe that the schools and parents are doing the right things. It is up to the kids to make the decision to listen or not listen to their parents. I believe censorship is a great thing for @CAPS1 youth.",3.3502097
"Dear @CAPS1 times, @CAPS2 you think computers benefit society? Well I think so! There are countless reasons why computers are both resourceful and helpful. Many citizens in our own community of watertown think computers are a great resource for many things while others disagree with this completely. Computers can benefit society because you can learn many new things on the internet, also you can interact with your friends and family, and lastly there are many applications used for business. On both a computer and the internet there are more than @NUM1 million things you can learn. When you are struggling with homework a computer is a great resource. You can quickly open @CAPS3.com and search any topic at any time. For example, if you did not know a conversion it is easily found on the internet. Another thing you can be taught or informed about is news. There are websites such as nytimes.com and cnn.com that give you daily news. I personally use these websites weekly. On the computer you can find vacation sports you want to learn about and go to. When my family was planning our trip to @ORGANIZATION1 in @LOCATION1 we used the computer constantly. In the end, computers can teach you many things. Secondly you can interact with people on the internet in many ways. These include social networking websites, webchat and email. Social networking websites are a great way to connect to family members and friends from the past. Websites that were created for this include: facebook, myspace, and twitter. These free websites let you add friends, send messages, and post pictures. Web chatting is a way to video people. You can personally see someone from acroos the @ORGANIZATION1 from your webcam. Lastly, emailing is a great way to inform people. You can write a visual letter to one of your friends. In conclusion, the computer is one excellent way to interact. Lastly, the computer is used for business. An application called microsoft office is used in countless bussinesses, microsoft office word, powerpoint, excel and @CAPS4. Each of these are used to plan, sell, present, manage, and write about products. Microsoft is something you should download in the near future. Business also use webchatting, as I previously state, for conference calls. A production company can be face to face with a company from china without being in the room with them. This makes it much easier than to fly half way across the @ORGANIZATION1. Finally, computers are used when manufacturing a product in or at a business. Work sites such as @CAPS5 companies use computers to control their machines. I know that the @ORGANIZATION2 factory uses computers in their factory due to the fact that I watche the show unwrapped about them on @CAPS5 @CAPS6. In the end computers are a necessary item in a business. In conslusion, computers have a great affect on people. The can teach people many new and exciting things they did not know. Also, connect humans with each from half way across the @ORGANIZATION1. Lastly, businesses would not run well without a computer. Computers can benefit society because you can learn many new things on the internet. Also you can interact with your friends and family, and there are many applications used for business. If I were an expert I would have nothing to worry about concerning computers. They are a magnificent thing. @CAPS2 you have the same belief and understanding as me?",4.2913766
"In libraries there are a bunch of books, music, movies, magazines, and etc. to let the general public check out. This topic about censorship in libraries is a diffitcult one because everyone has different views on things in life. Certain materials in libraries should not be remove from the shevles if they are found offensive by someone.           Being in a library there are lots of choices to see and check out. In a library, someone comes arcoss a book or a movie that seems offensive to them. That someone should just look at the other way because a library is for the general public. It seems to be harse about this, but it is not up to that person if the material in the library should or should not be in that library. The materials that are offensive to people could be in a special place in the library to comitdate everyone.      Libraries have the right to censor any type of material that seems or is offensive to the community. This is right if the community strongly agrees with their local libraries. If the whole community disagree with a library about a certain material then the community have a say in it.      Yes, there are books out in libraries that are offensive to a group of people, but that does not mean take that material out of the library. Our country, @LOCATION1, say that everyone has the right to free speech. @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1 has banned books thats are offensive to @CAPS1, but other countries around the @LOCATION2 might have those books in their libraries.      There is a thick line if a certain type of material in a library is offensive or not. Someone should not have the right if a  book seems offensive to that person, but if the whole community says that the book is offensive then yes.      The libraries and the community have choices to not have a offensive book on the self. If it is offensive to everyone then it should be off the shelf. Censorship is a diffitcult topic to agured on",3.4002123
"What would you say if your library  was censored? Would you believe it would be right to have a censorship at the library? Well I am here to explain my belief's on censorship in the library.     My opinion is that there should be some items being censored, but we dont want to punish everybody just by taking the books off of the shelf completely. If i was an adult I would not want my child renting very graphic books, magazines, etc. but i wouldn't want to block his whole life. There can be different censorship on individual people too. An idea is to have a parent come in to decide what type of censorship you can put on a child by putting this on his or her library card.      The censorship would be a great way to help parents watch what their children are reading and watching. A good suggestion for this is what i just brought up, a personal censorship. This would keep the child from reading too graphic of novels for their age and it would not offense the parents. Also for the rated x magazines, movies, etc. i believe they shouldn't be took off the shelf and just moved to a different area that is secluded. This can be offensive to parents when they bring their children in, so move it to a place where children cannot have access to this area.     The censorship on books can also be completely outrageous too. Alot of books have graphic parts in them but yet are also a great read and can have great morals to learn. Graphic parts of the books are like the graphic parts of our lives, it's going to happen no matter what and we can't get away from it. Let the child, teenager, or whoever it is read the book if they are mature enough to read this and don't take it off the shelf. Just because it is offensive to some, others want to read the book too. You @MONTH1 please some with this idea but you will also anger others with this action.     Another point to get across is the library is also censored a little bit too. The libraries are organized into section by categories of books. Some books are categorized by the age level they are intended for. Once you get into the actual novels it isnt much like this but for younger ages this is the case, which people can see it work as a censor in ways. When you become to the higher reading level, you are most likely going to be old and mature enough to pick what you think is right to read and what is not.      With all this being said, there really doesnt need much censorship in libraries. Unless you have the personal censorship on the younger ones. There is no need to punish the ones that did absolutely nothing wrong to the community and to others when all they want to do is to simply check out items at the library",3.815461
"Offensive or @CAPS1?     Who can truely say a book, movie, music, or magazine is truely offensive. There are some of the obvious movies that completely make fun of or taunt someone's personal views as a religion or lifestyle but is a book about a wizarding world really that offensive?     While growing up I had a friend who was very religious. Her parents would never let her read the @ORGANIZATION1 books by @PERSON1. At the time I didn't understand why she wasn't able to read such fantastic books. Now that I'm older I understand that her parents believe what is in 'The @CAPS2' and nothing more. Make believe and imagination was @CAPS1 a suitable thing fpr their child to read. For many families, though the @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 series is nothing but a different world in which they can set themselves free from the real world. Should a book that many people love and adore be taken off shelves because some families are offended? I personally don't think they should.      While my family loves the books and movies some families don't. That is their lifestyle and their opinion. Everyone has an opinion, and if we took out everything in this world that could offend someone we would be left with nothing. Movies would be boring, stories would @CAPS1 be interesting, and there would be no music.      If our world was based off of the opinions of others and making everyone happy we would @CAPS1 have music. Music is a way for someone to release their soul. The different sounds of music are based off generations. My mother's generation was based on @CAPS3 @CAPS4' @CAPS5 and mine is of @CAPS6, @CAPS7&@CAPS8, @CAPS9. So what would really happen if all the offensive materials were taken off the shelves of a public library or say a @ORGANIZATION2. The shelves would be blank. Empty shelves would be a horrible look.      Everyone is offended by something. I'm offended by the rape scences in movies but some people believe in some situations it makes a movie better. My friend's family is offended by the make believe world of @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1, and I believe that some where out in our world there is another world, a wizarding world as a matter of fact.      People believe in many different things and like many different things. I've never met one person who is exactly like me, because there is @CAPS1 one. I'm an individual like everyone else and if the things I liked were taken off a shelf because someone was offended then my life would be boring because I wouldn't have the things I enjoy. In some cases some offensive things should be taken off shelves but who am I to say it should be, because there is someone out there who believes it should be on the shelves of @LOCATION1",4.019868
"Dear local Newspaper, @CAPS1 people use computers but not every one agress that it benefits society. In my opinion, computers benefit society. There are @CAPS1 websites that can help you find information. Computers also allow people to work easily. A third reason is @CAPS1 companies are able to use them to gain business. If you are doing a project or need to look up information about something, the internet is one of the easiest ways to find that information. Google.com has so much information about almost any topic you can think of. If you are a teenager that doesn't have a drivers license and there is no one to take you to the library, computers allow you to be able to hand in the report/project on time. There are also websites that find you direction, to where you need to go. Mapquest.com is a quick and easy way to help you figure out which way to go. Computers allow people to easily. If your family member lives far away and you don't have enough money for the phone bill, computers help you to not loose touch. There are websites that can help you keep in contact with old friends that you don't see anymore. Computers are one of the only ways that people fighting in the wars can talk to their relatives. They are not able to have phones and sending a letter can take a long time. Companies use computers for easy access to the public. If you are a new company, you can put a little ad on the sicle of the screen on yahoo.com and millions of people will see it. They of so use computers to make flyers easily and quickly. Making a hundred flyers by hand can take hours. But on the computers all you have to do is make one and then you can print out one-hundred. Using computers helps society. you can easily find what you are looking for and you are able talk to anyone you want. Also, it is easy for companies to attract business. Those are only a few of the @CAPS1 reasons why computers are good for society.",3.4889483
"Katherine Paterson once said, 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf. But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf- that work I adhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else. And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.' I believe that the books and other items should stay in the shelves of the library that censorship in libriaries is unnecessary. As Katherine Paterson stated there will be no books left on the shelves if you take every book off that someone in the @CAPS1  finds offensive. What is offensive to one person @MONTH1 not be considered offensive in another persons point of view. Children, teens, and adults have their own right to choose whatever book they want to read, movie they want to watch , or music they want to listen to. If it is a child or a young teen then I believe that the parents should have a say in what their children read or watch. In my case I am not allowed to listen to offensive music or watch rated @CAPS2 movies but that shouldn't mean that it should be taken off the shelves of the library. Just because that is what my family believes to be right does not mean it is the only wat to live.     A person has their own rights to choose what they want to read, watch, or listen to. They can make the choice by the way they have been raised or just because that is what they think is right or wrong. If they think that a book is offensive then they don't have to read it, they have the right to say no and put the book back on the self. If they think that the book is approriate then they can read it and there is no law stating that they have to share the book with anyone else. If there is a book out there that is offensive in your view and you read it there is no reason you have to agree with it. Every person is free to disagree with anything they want to disagree with.      If you are a parent to a child and you are uncomfortable with them reading, listening, or watching something that is offensive you should set the rules early in life with them. Parents should make sure that their children are not reading inappropriate things or listening to offensive music or watching @NUM1 or rated @CAPS2 movies. Therefore, if you are comfortable with your children seeing and hearing offensive things then you don't have to worry about what is out there in the @CAPS1.The things that your children are watching, reading, listening to isn't a problem and if it becomes a problem in the parents eyes then they have the right to stop the children from reading the offensive books or watching the bad movies and listening to the music that the view as offensive. Every parent and family is different, as long as your child knows the rules and what you believe in then there is no need for censorship in libraries.      In my family I am not allowed to listen to offensive music. Offensive music in my house is considered music with curse words in the lyrics. The words that my family considers offensive @MONTH1 be different then what other families consider offensive. I know that I don't want to and can't listen to those certain songs but that does not mean that I can't be friends or be around people that listen to that kind of music. Just because that is what my family believes in does not mean that it should be taken of the shelves of the library or any other place. What my family believes in @MONTH1 not be the right thing in another familys view. Every person has their own right and if they want to listen to that music then they should be able to. My family also believes that at my age right now I should not watch rated @CAPS2 movies. If you took all the rated @CAPS2 movies off the shelves, then half the movies would be gone and that is not fair to the people who enjoy rated @CAPS2 movies. What my family believes @MONTH1 not be what other families believe in. I know what I stand for and I will do what I think is right and I won't listen to offenesive music or watch rated @CAPS2 movies. In no way though does that mean that other children, teens, adults shouldn't enjoy that kind of music and those movies.     In conclusion, I believe that censorship should not be used in libraries. It is every persons own right and they are capable on making decisions that they think are the right thing to do. Parents also have a say in what they want their children to watch, read, or listen to. They can montor what their children are reading, watching, or listening to and if they find it offensive they can stop their children. It is not necessary to take the items off the shelf. In my family, my parents find some types of music and movies offensive and I know when I go to the library or any other place that I won't get those items. I will get the music and movies I enjoy and find age appropriate. Just as in @PERSON2's quote everyone has the same rights and if we all take the items we think are offensive off the shelves, then there will be nothing left on the shelves. Everyone has a different point of view and no one person has the correct or wrong point of view that the @CAPS1 has to follow",3.940083
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 opinion on the effects computers have on people, are that computers are used for the wrong reasons. Teens should be outside playing sports or hanging out with friends and family. But instead they are addicted to the world wide web and games and websites throughout it. Therefore, the computer and the concept of surfing the web is bad because it consumes childrens much and because educationally computers can give the wrong information. Until the late @DATE1's, @ORGANIZATION3 laptops and desktop @CAPS2 did not exist in @CAPS1 opinion, this would have been better. For example. children teens and even adults use the computer more than they should nowadays. At this age middle schoolers and high-schoolers should be focused on their grades and their . But instead, they get too addicted to @CAPS3, @CAPS4 and @CAPS5 that they forget about their school work and their priorities, and their grades start to slip. Even sudlts have this problem. For instance, buisness people, accountants and assistants will consistently be checking their emails. Also, people who work at a desk or in a cudical all day are almost always on the computer. In other words, I believe that jobs should cut dwn on how many workers they have on a computer, and family homes should cut down on the amount of time each member spends online. Another reason I think computers effect people in a bad way is because educationally computers can give false information. For example, people could insect their own perspective of an idea on websites such as wikipedia and @ORGANIZATION2. If a student was doing a project or just homework and decided to surf the web for some @ORGANIZATION2 or information they dont know if their information is correct. I believe this means that the internet and the web don't beat books or history. In conclusion, computers have a bad effect on people for the reasons of it consumes children and teen's minds, people use the internet too much and because educationally computers can sometimes give false information.",3.783323
"I don't believe that certain material should be taken out of our libraries. If they take the books that people get a learning expresion off of then what does that leave us with. Everybody in life should have there own chocies, we shouldn't limit them.It's all about making chocies in life, people should get the right to read the books,magaizes, ect they want, With out people looking down on them or thinking the material they receve is unatural. What one person @MONTH1 think is not good read the next person might think the total oppoiste.     Music is a creative aspest in our world, @CAPS1 person you meet are not the same so @CAPS3 should music be. You can't have the same ideas when it's comes to making your creative looks on the music in your community it's not going to turn out the same as everyones elses will. If that was the case then the world would be one boreding place to live in. I think that @CAPS1 one has there on taste in music. If your the right age and your not hurting anybody, Then whats the big problem listing to the music that incourge you to become creative.      There are alot of movies that some parents might think that they are not good for there kids to watch. I think that we shouldn't be so worried about what our kids are watching and more what there doing. I think that @CAPS1 movie you watch has a sercet point in it, In other words the lesson learned in the story. Some solutions that happen in real life might be on a movie that's probably rated @CAPS2. I don't believe that we should be focus on the rating of the movie, We shold be focus on the lesson the movie is teaching you.               The children in the world are going to have to make there own chocies and what they find intresing, @CAPS3 should we band everything we thinks thats not. We need you let the children grow on there own and aslo learn on there own. Can't make somebody listen, read or watch what he want them to.     In conclusion we need to let not just kids but everyone have the chocie there want.The world is changing everyday so we need to change our ideas with it",3.0581799
"Isn't it great getting a refreshing when your outside? Wouldn't you experiences the rush of jumping into the crashing waves of the @LOCATION1 instead of sitting inside, gazing at pictures of the @LOCATION1? You might think that computers are helping society today, but you are wrong. The human race has survived over hundreds of years without computers and we can survive hundreds more. Computers are helping society become more and more lazy. We can get just as much information out of books if we try our best. Hand-eye coordination is important, and we can get it though activities, such as football, and tennis. We can also get it from activities! Drawing, reading, and even playing an instrument can all improve hand-eye coordination while letting you explore your creative side. Some people believe that computers teach hand-eye coordination, and it can but there are better ways to get it. It would take longer to get it from a computer than an activity. Many people like to travel in all different places of the world, but going to a foreign area with no knowledge don't smart at all. So what do you do? Go the most convinient source, internet. But what if I told you that any person could put anything on the internet? You could be getting info on @LOCATION3 when you think you're getting info on @LOCATION2. The most reliable source would be from a book. Reading is very powerful, especially if you're reading from a good source. Kids lately have been making lives on the internet. The only way they communicate is through online chat. Chatting online can/should never replace time in person with friends. Relationships with others online is never real. We're using our knowledge of how to communicate with others. The internet isn't worth it. So as you can see computers are no good. Thank you.",3.6764686
"Dear newspaper editor, @CAPS1 you have a computer? @CAPS1 your kids spend all of their time on it talking in people or going on facebook or myspace? Well thats fun and all for a few hours but some people spend a lot of time on there. They don't go out and get exercise or interact with their family and friends. Also they @MONTH1 end up getting in trouble in school or at home. If you spend all of your time on the computer doing whatever your doing you won't have time to go out and exercise. Not only will it be in appeling but it could be dangerous for your health after a while. All your time gets sucked into the computer and when your on it you feel like your not on for a long time and it ends up being like a few hours. It even happens to adults, my mom was on the computer for about an hour and she felt like it was only a few mins. When your on your computer for several hours you tend to got sucked in and not interact with anyone. I know this from experience. A few months ago I spent about a whole month just coming home from school and being on the computer for several hours. This effected my life a lot, I stopped going out on weekends with my friends, I always wanted to stay home when my family wont out. Then my mom confronted me about it and I realized all of my time on the computer wasn't good. I was missing out on a lot of things. Kids @MONTH1 also get at home or at school if they are on the computer for a long time they @MONTH1 not @CAPS1 their homework and end up failing a class and then stay back. Statistics show that @PERCENT1 of the kids that stay on the computer for a long time end up either failing a class or staying rack. They @MONTH1 also get in trouble at home because they dont @CAPS1 their chores because their busy on the computer and neither the child or the children like getting in fights with one another. Now I know in a way it's good to have computers and be able to use them so we can look up information and its nice to sometimes talk to people on the computer for a little while but being on the computer for a little while but being on the computer for to long of an amount ran really mess you and your social life up. So all im trying to prove is that computers are an amazing invention but we should just use them a little less and get out and excersise, and have fun with our family and friend and @CAPS1 good in school and at home so we @CAPS1 get to spend some time on the computer. I hope you see it my way now.",3.7605956
"In the book '@CAPS1 @NUM1', books are outlawed. In such a society, owning a book would result in recieving a punishment. Without books, @CAPS2 people turned to electronics for entertainment. The society as a whole had lost @CAPS2 human emotions and became submissive to the government. @CAPS4 led to injustices that the government inflicted upon its people because it didn't have any opposition. Katherine Paterson suggests that if books begin to be thrown out, there will be 'no books left on the shelf for any of us.' @CAPS2 people argue that certain media should be removed from libraries because they find it offensive. However, if every piece of media that was requested to be removed was taken out, @CAPS2 important works would be thrown away.     A recent debate has arisen over @PERSON1's 'The @CAPS3 of @ORGANIZATION1.' @CAPS4 book is set in the @LOCATION3 during the time of slavery. @ORGANIZATION1 @PERSON4 befriends a black man, @PERSON6, and shares @CAPS2 experiences with him along the @LOCATION1. @PERSON1 decided to write his book using the true diction of the people who lived in the @LOCATION3 during @CAPS4 time period. He was the first author to do @CAPS4. Because he wrote it in @CAPS4 way, the book contains the n-word multiple times. @CAPS4 word is not acceptable today, and therefore @CAPS2 people take offense to his work. However, @CAPS4 book plays a major role in the @CAPS5 cannon. @PERSON1's work was written in a new and breakthrough method. If someone were to remove @CAPS4 work off of the shelves of libraries, he would remove one of the most important pieces of @CAPS5 literature.     '@ORGANIZATION2' by @PERSON3 is a book that explores the life of a convict in prison. During his time at @LOCATION2, he discovers that he is a homosexual. He falls in love with a man named @PERSON5 and begins to have sexual relationships with @CAPS2 of the men in his cell. These relationships are described in detail. If one were to read the surface of the book, he would find a crude description of a convict's experience in prison. However, @CAPS4 is not the case. @PERSON3 struggled with the concept of being bisexual throughout his life. He also had problems with his parents and brother. In '@PERSON2', he wrote about his own feelings through his characters. @CAPS4 story is not about sex, but about feelings of entrapment and the relationships one has with other people. If @CAPS4 book were to be removed from libraries, @CAPS2 people would miss a story that they might connect with.     Katherine Paterson brings up an interesting question. What would happen if everyone could remove the books they dislike? The answer would be a society that is unable to share ideas, concerns, and experiences. Media helps to enlighten, persuade, and educate people about important issues. While some works @MONTH1 have offensive language, they also have a deeper meaning.",4.5372224
"Dear editor, I see that there is an argument between computers being good or bad. I think that my oppinon can help your decision. I think that computers are good. I think they are good because they help kids with social skills, they help people with bad handwriting and they help people learn about things around the world. First of all computers help kids all around the world with social skills. They help them because these is so many ways to communicate with people through the computer. There is instant messaging and webcaming websites. Also a servey said that @PERCENT1 of parents say that the computer raised there kids social skills a lot. Another thing the computer helps with is people with bad handwriting. It helps because you can go on microsoft word and instead of writeing a great report that no one can read you can type I that when I have a paper for school that neatness counts on I always up my report. This can help alot of people who cant write as well as others because on the computer you change the font and everything to make it look as nice as you want. The last reason I think the computer is a good idea is because alot of people dont like to read newspapers and watch the news so they like to research certian subjects they like, to know whats going on around who world. I know my mom doesn't have time to watch the newest the newspaper but when she checks her email the first thing that pops up is the bigest news of the day. People all around the work go so the computer to find of the latest news. I hope you consider my oppinon when you make you decison, where you go think of all the kinds of people it helps. People with social problems, people with bad handwriting, and just busy people who cant sit down and watch the hour news. Thank you for your time.",3.2916827
"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 that humanity has, has it's up and down's and it's positives and negatives. the something with technology. It has it's ups's and downs but because of it our society grows increasingly advanced. It gives us the oppertunity to grow more sophisticated to set our goals beyond reach. We make the start of great things with these. Computers teach us and sometimes can guide you. You can click on a link and give you an amazing oppertunity or click on the wrong one and give you d virus. Computers can get you away from all the stress in your life and take you to a beautiful place it can give you the chance to let you learn something that you didn't even know existed.",2.6128788
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Computers are a great way to learn about the world and its people. Computers can teach people about things that are forien to them. Computers keep people intouch, all over the world. Computers also come in handy when something needs to be looked up right away. Computers are very helpful when it comes to learning. They can teach you things that most books cant, such as hand eye coordination also about the current populations of countrys and cities. Also, computers gives you the opportunity to see pictures of places and people that you couldn't find in books or photo albums or newspapers. They also help in schools when projects are asigned. Kids can use computers to find information they need quickly. Kids can also use computer to wright essays or print pictures for projects. Computers are definately a staple for learning & education. Computers are also great for comunication. People can chat with one another on networking sites such as @CAPS1, facebook, myspace, and twitter. On these sites people can send messages to their friends a leaking them of something or chat with their friends to see whats to keep in touch with family and friends, on the computer. Family members can e-mail each other to inform them of an event or news. I have actually had an experience with e-mail that was very helpful my family members and I had been speaking of traveling to block island and two days before we were going to leave we recived on email from the owner of the house we were going to stay at stating that all phone lines were down and part of the house was ruined due to a storm. If it werent for computers we would have been in a sick situation. Computers also come in handy in times of need or confusion. People can check their local weather forecasts to see of the weather will effect their plans. Also if someone doesn't know where a house or store is located they cab quickly look it up on the computer. Finaly if something is unavailable on a store people can shop for it online and can buy what they need, and have it shaped to their door step. Computers have helped this country grow and prosper. Why bother to go aginst them when they benafit society so much? Computers are helping the world become a better educated, connected, and informed world.",3.7082715
"Dear @CAPS1, More and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. Those who support advances in technology belive that computers have a positive affect on people like me. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, they even allow people to talk online with other people. I will tell you why we should benifit these computers. The first reason is computers teach hand-eye coordination. You can learn how to type really fast. Without hand-eye cordinatoin how are you supose to hit a ball coming at you with a bat, how are you supose to catch a ball with your hands? The second reason is you can learn about far away places and people. Like how we are in the @LOCATION1 and we want to learn about @LOCATION3 or say that we are in france and we want to know about the german people are look it up we dont go all the way down there jest to see the german people we look it up. Now think about it you jest going to fly there and come back the same day. The last thing is you can talk online to anybody you want from africa to the us all the way to @LOCATION2. So you see computers are really speacial becus you see you dont want to write someone amillion things it is not right so we need computers.",3.0010278
"Should there be censorship in libraries? Many people will answer this question differently. I feel there should be absolutely no censorship in libraries.     Allowing censorship in libaries is an intrusion of our rights. It contradicts freedom of the press. If someone wants there opinion to be read they should have that right.     I also feel censorship in libraries goes against freedom of speach. What is writing, but written speach?  If someone wants to say something, they should be able to say it. If a mute person wants to get a point out, they should be able to do so by writing.     What some people @MONTH1 consider offensive, others @MONTH1 not. If someone finds it offensive, they should simply not read it",2.9588718
"Dear readers, @CAPS1 if I told you that every time you sit in front of a computer, you are that much closer to death? @CAPS1 if I said that computers are destroying your lives? This @MONTH1 not be that serrws, but its shocking. You can not disagree. I feel that humans should not use computers, or at least use them very scarcely. Computers make people get less exercise, they kill brain cells, and they can ruin your lifestyle. You @MONTH1 believe computers have impared your life, but consequences remain. Many @CAPS2 today are obese and lazy. They don't get any exercise. There are many reasons for this, but one big reason is because they sit in front of computers all day! Computers @MONTH1 improve reflexes and such but you can do that by exercising, also! When you sit in front of a computer, it reels you in. Ten minutes becomes one hour in a snap! That is one less hour of exercise. Virtual sports @MONTH1 be fun, but they keep you from the real ones. Without exercise, one @MONTH1 become obese, develop diabetes or heart problems or even have muscle troubles. These can be hazardous, and even deadly. Computers dont exercise your body, or your mind! Now, that fact bring me to my next point. Computers @MONTH1 have information to teach you, but that type of learning has its consequences. When you sit in front of a computer, your eyes are on the screen. Now, scientists from the @ORGANIZATION1 foundation have found they staring at the screen kills brain cells. Basically, these cells do not reporoduce as easily as other cells, and they sometimes don't reproduce at all. You are just one step closer to death. I'm sure you don't want an death. Try opening a book! They are cheaper, more accurate, and don't kill your cells! Don't stare at the computer screen, because your slowly destroying your body, and knowledge can be gained elsewhere. For a final point, I would like to say that computers simply destroy your lifestyle. Virtual people are not your real friends and family. Computers cause you to turn away from them. Online interaction is not like just talking to someone in person or on the phone. You can lose your real friends. Plus, computers run your lifestyle because half the things you think you are learning arent real. You can't trust certain sites or certain people. Being with ones you know and love is much more beneficial, because computers drag you in you are taken away from the real world. I feel that we should all take a stand against computers. They take away exercise, cause brain cells to die and other problems occur, and they can ruin your lifestyle. No one wants to be a lonely joke! Read a book, get outside and day; but stay away from die screen. There are better alternatives. Take a stand, and do @CAPS1 is best. Be the healthy, happy person, and lay off that computers, so that you can get the best of life!",4.484052
"Censorship in libraries is good in some ways.  People who like to read books should have a wide variety of books.      Things that offend people: for instance, a book about @CAPS1 @CAPS2 or natives and how they were treated so poorly. But almost anything now days offends peoaple and its rediculous. either way there is always going to be something that someone finds offensive.     My expirience with this situation it really didn't bother me. But I was in a library glancing through a book and I read a paragragh and it had the word, 'nigger,' in it and I found it a little offinsive. That word just really isn't nice.      People like different books movies magazines ect., and some of the greatest movies of all time, well im pretty sure some people find them offinsive in some way. What some might find offinsive, others might think different. Like in magazines my aunt finds them offinsive because of the bathing suit modles in it for addvertising a new swim suit. or for addvertising liquir.     All together, just about everything is offinsive to somone out there. If all the things that people found offinsive was to be removed, then there would hardly be any books movies ect., and not only that it would suck all together",2.7336307
"I believe that censorship in libraries can be a good thing, but can go too far. Removing movies and magazines that contain pointless offensive material from the shelves could be a good thing. If those are removed I do not think that people would care that much. Removing those small things, however, could grow into a bigger problem. It has to be decided how far is too far when removing objects from the shelves.     It all starts with a bad magazine that has a bad picture of a movie star doing something offensive with text surrounding it being pointlessly judgemental. A parent sees his or her kid reading this at the library and they do not believe it is appropriate so they complain and the magazine is taken off the shelf. Then a movie arises that is offensive and it is taken off the shelf. Pretty soon everyone is comming in with minor complaints about many different things and almost everything has someone who wants it banned.     Even if there was a set limit on what qualifies as able to be banned people would still complain until what they want happens. If the government has all these complaints they might just shut down the libraries to avoid looking over every 'offensive' piece of literature, film, or artwork. The original purpose being to block out offensive meterial ends with the realization that everything is offensive to somebody. Even what might be considered a great piece of work by most could be considered an abomination by some.     In the end a library should not be given the right to censor anything. The things that should be censored are a very small percentage and it is not worth the risk. Books that are offensive to some serve as inspiration to others. Libraries were made to give people the chance to be inspired. The library should not have the right to take inspiration away from the reader's hand.",3.7670517
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 of the students and staff members of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 school find computers verry important. Computers not only help people in school but at home too. I know that the readers of this artical will agree that computers are verry helpful, they teach us about people and things far away, and they are great for chating online! Most people use compoters every day! Computers are verry helpful tools in every day life. They always have a program that if you spell something wrong it corrects you. Computers even have websites of a dictionary were people can look up words. I know this is verry helpful because my brother is writing his collige essays and their are no colliges that will be impressed by a gramaticly incorrect essay. Computers also help you find things you need really fast, like food restrants and the closest malls, or even jobs! Not only do computers help people with spelling and jobs but they also can teach us about far away places. Computers can show and tell us of wonderful places beond what we have scean. A lot of normal societys familys have been on vacation before. To find an intriging place to go they can look it up on the world wide web. Even if a family cant go on a vacation they can still find from their computer cheeper closer things to do. When computers are beig used to find places and thing across the world and near you is they can also give teens the oppritunity to chat with their friends online. A lot of students in @CAPS3 hallow school have a facebook account. Most use this account to talk to their friends online. I also have a facebook and I use it almost everyday to talk to my cousin from @LOCATION1 that I havent scean sence I was @NUM3. But, computers arent just used for fun chating they can also be used for school blogs. In my language arts class we have a reading blog that every student has to participate in. This blog allows the class to not wast class time to talk about recently read books. In conclusion computers should be taken seriosly because they do help society. Computers help us every day, they teach us and they can be verry fun and eductional. Remember what @PERSON1 from the department of tecnolgey at @ORGANIZATION1 said, ""@CAPS5 can only get better if socitey accepts it.""",3.9418237
"Should we remove books and media because they are offensive? I do not believe so. In this essay I will describe to you why I think this way.      The word offensive is a contreversial word. Is it kissing that makes books and media offensive or is it curse words or fighting. Many people see many different things.      Many off the books today's youth read are 'offensive' to older generations. That is because today's standerds are different. Children are more free to do what they want and say what they want, making offensive a changed word.     If a book, song, or video is offensive then the parents should take that up with their children. Things that are offensive for some people are just fine for other people. Just because it is out there does not mean that we have to see it.      So in conclusion I do not think that books and media should be removed from the shelf for being offensive, because offensive is a changing word and it is different for every person.",3.1277337
"We live in a world @DATE1 inundated and persuaded by media.  Ever since we were little, our young minds have been filled with opinions of others from history and from the present.  Whether we are reading a book, watching a motion picture, or even listening to a new music artist, our lives are being affected by such media.     The art world is considered to be one of the most controversal businesses to work in.  Each piece of literature or movie is shared by a vast community of critics.  We all are given the right to our opinion on such  pieces.  Every piece of art is judged and then criticized.  However, many find certain pieces to be offending in some way, shape, or form.  It is quite impossible to produce such a piece that will fit everybody's satisfaction.  For an example, religious pieces are often scorned for their nonfactual information or for the director's or author's opinion over the matter.  Since we live in such a diverse community of religions, these pieces will never satisfy the audience.  Movies have been criticized for decades because they represent some sort of life lesson or truth that is not appealing to the audience.  Why not learn from them and reflect?     No piece of media can possibly be directed to satisfy the opinions of all the world.  As a personal example, I can see that novels and books over war are heavily criticized.  The men and women who fought for our country @MONTH1 enjoy to see such pieces written about them, but war protesters and peace keepers @MONTH1 see this as an insult to their cause.       @PERSON1 wrote a book by the name @CAPS1 @NUM1.  This book was heavily criticized over the topic of censorship.  The world in which they lived in had dramatically been affected by the impact of peoples opinions.  If a book or movie was offensive to a group of people, then they burned the books.  History books about slavery and war were burned because others found the topics offending.  Non-religious groups thought that religion was offensive, so they burned the @CAPS2 and other works of religion.  Their government wanted a world of peace and a community where every man was equal and diversity was no longer existent.      @PERSON1 denies the book was written over censorship but his book gives our generation a great lesson.  For generations, we have grown up in a world of diversity.  Every mind is special and different and will never share identical thoughts as his neighbor.  Therefore, we must recognize that we have to survive and live together.  We can not escape the diversity in which we live in.  The books we see on shelves, the movies we see on the big screen, and music we listen through our earphones all make up our generations history and the next.  We need to accept our neighbor and his opinions because we are all born equal.  If we throw away our history and our accomplishments, man is left nothing to improve on, nothing to leave his or her marking on history.  We have to accept others ideas and build on them to improve our life and other's.  As we stand @DATE1 in a world filled with diversity, we must move on and reflect.  It is not a time to offend and be offended but a time to learn and move on",4.4133606
"One girl sits by her computer doing homework. Another girl with her computer, talks to her friends. Those girls are doing activitys that make our world more productive. I think that computers have a positive effect on people. Computers help people with hand-eye cordination, learn about faraway places, and talk with others online. This is what computers can do to help our socity become better. Firstly, the computer can teach us hand-eye cordination. By playing games , we can use what we learn in real life. A boy can play football on line, then take what he learned and use that in a real football game. Hand-eye cordination on the computer can help us to learn new things about our society. We could use what we learned to discover new things and help us to make the community, as a whole, . These skills can also help us do more things at once. Multitasking is a difficult task to and with hand-eye cordination and computers it becomes easier. A second productive task can help us with is learning . Some people dont know going on in The computer can direct us to news The computer is literally like one huge look of use . Another positive effect that computers have on people is communication. Many people have a twitter, facebook , myspce, etc. and all those websites can help . Products like skpe, video chat , aim and email allow people to have a conversation online. Email is something that there are so many new ides. You cannot only talk you can do business, send pictures, invitations, and announcements. Schools, offices, and companys all over the world use these products and it doesn't only make society better it makes the world better. In conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on people around the world. They can help with hand eye cordination, help you learn about far away places, and they help people communicate. That one girl doing her homeowrk get an A and the girl talking on her signs off to be with her family.",3.486302
"Dear local Newspaper? Today i am wrinting this letter to you on computers. I belive that the people who don't have computer's have the right to say that people are online rather than exercising. My three topic's are they teach hand-eye coordination give people the ability to learn, and allow the people to communites. First, the computer's are'nt just for talking about! It gives them to learn hand-eye . If people were to belive that computers are just for fun. They would teach you how to type and take some lesson on typing without looking on the keyboard. Secondly, it gives the people the ability to on other cultures or where a is . @PERCENT1 out of the american popoaltion people are online. learning, and the @PERCENT2 are online job to be online. What about little kids? Where the . I'm sure they're buy them educational games for online. Finally, it gives ability to . With other people. If theres a school closing a delay you don't know that you would like to get as a . people the ability is check-out on what's going on around the world or checking for the weather. These are my reason why i truly belive that people should be online atleast twice a week.",3.0877194
"Dear @CAPS1 of Newspaper, @CAPS2 has been brought up to concern that computers are a mence to society. On the Computers are very helpfull. If one needed directions to a place or if one wanted to know how to do something @CAPS2 would show how to. They also can help you do things like read faster and hand eye corridnation. Computers are also a good form of entertianment. Those are some of the reasons computers are helpfull. First, computers can help find out how to do things. If there is evey somewhere far to go or there are many winding roads to get there you can use the computer. On the computer there are many maps that give detialed discriptions on how to get places. Specialist say that over @PERCENT1 veiwers get to their destianation. The due to lack of driving skills. Computers also help with instructions on how to make things. If there is a cake to be made the computer will have recipies to make @CAPS2. That also can help make projects. For example They show things about @CAPS3 mythology for making a @CAPS3 pat. The computer can help you, learn langues. There is software that can teach people languages just like books execpt that they have animated teachers to help speak the languege that one got directions to go to. Reading all the didn't langues can help you with normal reading. Another reason that computers are helpful is they can help people with reading. Did you know that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 americans have trouble reading. That wouldn't happen if they had computers. Almost everything on the computer has to be read so @CAPS2 gives a lot of practices. @CAPS2 also will improve hand eye corodination. When someone something they watch the screen not their hand. Also on microcoft word to type an essay you watch the screen not your fingers typing. There are many games on the computer for improving hand eye corrdination. The last reason that computers affect people is that they are enteritaining. One the internet there are many fun games for all ages. Some games they could watch videos one youtube there are many funny videos there. As you can see computers are helpfull in many ways. They will give directionn to places or help people with reading, Computers are entertianing and fun.",3.7521057
"Computers, one of the daily things we use and @CAPS1 with. Some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on the awesomeness of the computers! I love computers but, I as a teen know about managing your time on the computer. You cannot sit there and waste your time on the computer. The amount of time wasted on your computer could be the time you might be outside haveing fun. Theres lots of things you could do outside! As for some exsamples: @CAPS1 come ball, run around, go to the park, go exploring etc... Friends and family are very entertaining, I have lots of friends and I love them all! If you have some spare time you should hang out with them and have some fun, go to the mall! I always go to the mall with my friends insted of playing on the computer for hours on end. So get of the computer and go @CAPS1! Have some fan in the sun today.",2.7202306
"To use computors, or not to. That is the question. Hundreds of millions of people use computors in their daily life today, but some believe that using computors does not benefit society. It is my firm beleif that they do. Computors provide entertainment, a way to interact with people, and a nearly endless expand of knowledge. Without them, we would quickly find life to be much harder and less fun to navigate. Have you ever been in your house on a rainy day just sitting around bored because there is nothing on @CAPS1? Well I have on many ocations. When that happens, all you have to do is turn on the computer and you have endless choices at your fingertips. You can go on game sites and play thousands of different games. (this can also help improve your hand-eye coordination). You can also watch movies or @CAPS1 shows that you missed or want to watch again. You can even go on sites such as fanfiction.net, and read or write your own stories! Another reason why computers benifit society is that they help you interact with people. You can keep in touch with far away family members and friends using webcams email, and chat sites without the bill that would come with talking on the phone. You can also meet new people from different countries and become their. That way you learn about different ways of life and cultures. You can also quickly contact people in an emergency get updates on events, and comunicate with your teacher if you have a question about your homework. Lastly, and maybe even most importantly, computers are on enormous source of knowledge. Say you wanted to learn how to start a campfire, you could just search, ""how make fire"" a google and @NUM1 matches would be found seconds. Also, if you were asigned a project for school, you could do all of your research easily from your computor, then type the whole thing up on a word document. You can even get a college degree online if you wished. And if you want to find a resturant that specializesin @CAPS2 cooking, you can find one close to you, get directions to it, look at the menu, see the prices get the restaurant's history, cud find reveiws for it all on one magnificent little choice: your computer. So you see, computors benifit society greatly. In fact I don't think we could live without them. They provide us with entertainment, an easy way to interact with people, and a huge source of information. Now, to all of you people who still think computors are bad; I'd like to see you lost a week without using one.",4.2300315
"I do not beileve that computers benefit society. Kids can learn more but they spend too much time on line. When kids talk to people on line they don't know if it is really someone you know. There are techneral problems with them that deileate files. For these reasons is why computers do not benefit society. Kids spend too much time on computers. Computers do teach you more things, but they also have games. Children spend most of their time on games than studying. Chidren can get agressive when loss of exersise. Thats what is happening today. Kids are loosing exersise an are getting hevier. They can evan loose intrest. All they want to do is go on the computer. Kids talk to people, how do they know who they really are? People can make a fake e-mail adress and make a false account on @CAPS1 or @CAPS2-space. These people want children's personal information. Also if you are talking to someone that has a name of someone you know. The person just might be a freand. Like me. I was talking to @CAPS2 cousin on @CAPS1 (the account said his name) but it was his wife. That is why you need to be carful about what you say and who it is you are really talking to. Computers have virouses. When computers get virouses, they can deilete the files you want to save. If you had a video on the news you want to keep it. Youu put it under favorates, they you get a virouse that deleites the file. The video is how off the wedsite. Sometimes your computer doesn't bring you to the wed anymore. You how have to click alot of places to get there. For these resons is why computers are not benefical to society. Kids spend to much time on computers. Kids can talk to people they don't know on them. Computers have technical problems that delete files. Just remember there are many many more resons why computers are not benefical to society.",3.3693273
"What do you consider an offensive book? Everyone has their own personal opinion on what they think is offensive. So how can you justify that a book, magizine, movie, music, etc. should be removed from a shelf due to content. Of course there are the ones that most people would aggree that are offensive to young kids and even some adults but then again other people don't find the same things offensive. The items that do contain graphic content, cursing, etc. and does offend most people should be set aside and putting in a different shelving area away from the others. So honestly no one can say that a certain book(s), music, movie(s), magazine(s), etc. do not have a right to have a place on a shelf and should or shouldn't be removed.      If parents dont want there children or teenagers looking or seeing certain material that is something that the parents need to take into their own hands not a library or anywhere else. Now if this is an item at the home of a parent and they dont want their kids to see it they have every write to remove it from the shelf. Then again if their child or teen finds this item and looks at it and the parents didn't want them to they shouldn't have bought it in the first place of they should have removed the item.     So can you as a stranger justify wheather or not somthing is offensive and a parent shouldn't let their kid look at it, or that a library or store shouldn't have that item on the shelf? No you can't. If you don't want you children to see it or if you don't set standards and rules",3.1690965
"Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 your computer ever crashed, and you needed to do a presentation? Well if so, that means you probably had to do your presentation on paper, the old fashioned way. Recently, there @CAPS1 been a debate going on between experts about computers. Some think they make your life more efficient while others think they make you spend too much time on them rather than outdoors. I believe that computers make our lives easier and that the advances in technology have a positive effect on people. I think this because it teaches you skills and updates you on info. around the world, it's efficient for work and helps the environment, and lastly, it let's people stay in touch. Computers have a positive effect on people because it let's family members stay in touch. Emails are an example of this. Instead of mailing a letter, you are electronically sending it. The person recieves it quicker and can answer ina more timely manner. Also, social networking sites help families keep in touch. One example of this is facebook. You can see what the person is doing and chat with them using facebook chat. I relate to this. My cousin lives in @LOCATION2, so I don't see him a lot. Through facebook, we can talk and update each other on our lives. Lastly, you can see pictures of your family. Many families have accounts on photo sharing sites. This enables them to see pictures or recent vacations or sporting events. They can comment and every member of the family can see how everyone looks/changes throughout the year. That is how computers let people stay in touch. Another reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it teaches you skills and updates you on information. Computers teach you hand-eye coordination. When you type with a keyboard, you have to know where each letter is. This makes it possible to lok at the screen to recognize my errors. Hand eye coordination is a good skill for everyone to know. Computers update you on world news. Many homepage on the internet have news engines built into them. These news engines keep people updates on major news events. For example, the war in @LOCATION5, or more recently, the @LOCATION3 and @LOCATION4 earthquakes. Without the internet, we would be very behind on important news updates around the world. My last reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it is efficient for work and they help the environment. Computers help the environment because you are not using as much paper. Throughout the year, @CAPS2 use billions of sheets of paper to write letters. With computers that number goes down into the thousands. Why you @MONTH1 ask? Emails don't recquire paper. They are electronic, which means no paper. They are also environmentally friendly because news paper companies are going out of buisness. Due to online news paper news is becoming less and less popular. Computers are efficient for work because it is so easy to make presentations. There are so many programs to use, that making a big presentation could take minutes. That is why computers make work easy but help the environment at the same time. As you can see, computers have many positive effect on people. They let family members stay in touch, they teach you skills, and they are efficient for work while being environmentally friendly. That is why I believe computers have a positive effect on people. Let me ask you this question again. @CAPS1 your computer ever crashed when you needed to do a big project? Now you know that computers make life efficient. What would you do without them? So now it's your turn, go out and buy a computer because you will be thankful you did.",4.2648234
"What I am going to tell you could change the way you think about computer in general. People might say that computers are great to be on its fast and you get what you need but I think computers are not good they become addicting and make your bills every high, computers can lead to your child sending less time with you and your family, also computers can be very danerous for teens and children of all ages. I say that computers are addicting this is a fact @PERCENT1 of students spend most of there time on the computer. Why are computers so addicting well they have instant message you can talk to people around the world. Now I know it might not sound bad but this can be bad for your pocket @PERSON1 who works with electrion bills says that because children spend more time on the computer the bills in house have grown up almost @PERCENT2 and the harder it is for people to pay there bills. Computers are what they say now a days are one of the main reason children spend less time with there family. This is true in most familys like mine because pof computers me and my sisters spend more time on then computer than with each other this can cause argueing and fughting between familys. Statics show that @NUM1 people would rather spend more time on the computer talking to people or listening to music than spend time with there own children or parents. Is this what you want for your you and your children to be separated by tecongly? Computers aren't always safe for teens and children of all ages. There are many reasons why computers can sometimes not be safe for your children or teens. I say this because sometimes we are worried about are kids safty and when your child is on the computer you have no idea who they are talking to or what they are talking about. Teens are most/likely going to met other people online and there are stalkers, posers, and other people out there that are pretending to be soomeone they are not and your child can be one of those peoples who fall for it and it can lead to meeting someone they might not know and they can be kiddnapped, rapped anyting can happen. Children can be always get hurt by verbal abuse they can be threatened by others and hurt and that can cause emotional damage so be careful and monitor your child. These are just very few things that can happen. These are my reason computers aren't the really benefiting are society.",3.6826682
"Dear, newspaper writer I think the computer has a posative effect of people because @CAPS1 helps people around the world learn to speak a different language, @CAPS1 helps people talk to their friends around the world and @CAPS1 helps people by making @CAPS1 easier to write a letter and send @CAPS1 out to people they work for or to their bosses that need the report in by the end of the day. Those are the three reason that computers have a posative effect. @CAPS1 helps people learn to speak a different language without spending a lot of money like using rosetta stone you have to spend @NUM1 us dollars but online you dont have to spend a dime. the best part is that @CAPS1 is free. The slogan for rosetta stone is ""I have spent less money than months of formal classes."" I think their new slogan should be is "" we have a better learning company than anyone else."" That is why @CAPS1 helps people learn a different language. @CAPS1 also helps people by making @CAPS1 easier to talk to their friends you can aim, web cast, and ever text to make @CAPS1 easier @CAPS1 talk to friends on the internet. The reason they created that is so people dont have to travel to far away places and spend money to tell a friend important news that is only one thing. So in conclusion you dont have to spend a lot of money to tell a friend something. The third reason that the computer helps people is that people san e mail theor boss that they are faxing their final repoet to the big interview for a new position in the place where they work, @CAPS1 helps your boss by making @CAPS1 easier to read and @CAPS1 better because you could be in japan and your boss could be in florida @CAPS1 will take like @NUM2 minutes to get to your bosses computer. That is why @CAPS1 is easier to send messages to your boss. The three main reasons are that you can learn a different language without paying a dime that you can talk to your friends easier and that you can send messages to your boss easier that calling him or her. Those are the three reasons that computers are posative.",3.458773
"Dear local Newspaper I believe that computers are a great help to society I will explain my thoughts and ideas to you. I hope you agree with me after reading this. For starters, I would like to say that my first subject is communication, computers allow us to talk to everyday folks or folks that are around the world! There are many ways to talk, text, speech, and webcam, and it is not like you cannot talk to them there are hundreds of communication cients, servers online @NUM1 usually, so you will always be able to someone! Secondly, I would like to say computers have a great way of creation. On a computer you can program @CAPS3, design presentations, documents, drawings, maps, graphs, almost anything you put you mind to can be virtually made. You can gather information from servers websites, @CAPS1, @CAPS2 @CAPS3 you can create and learn a lot on your everyday computer. I am not fisned! There are @CAPS4, @CAPS5, @CAPS6, reading, book sites all on the web! This gives the opprotunity of the ""web searcher"" to have a vast ammount of information! and allow he or she to learn alot more in every day life. Finaly, I would like to say that computers has a wide range of entertennent! There are many to choose from like videos, movies, @CAPS18, @CAPS1, games anything that is suitable for the user or users of the computer. On a game a user @MONTH1 talk to friends, while @CAPS14 a game such as a (@CAPS8 @CAPS9) for example @CAPS10 @CAPS11 @CAPS12 online, @CAPS13 @CAPS14 game. These kinds of games skyrocket entertennent lovers for the vast ammount of enjoyment they can endure while @CAPS14 a @CAPS8 @CAPS9. Another type of entertennent is videos people can watch videos and movies on a video and more website which has a database of not thousands but millions of videos and movies. Whatever the user wants is a text and a click away! The last type of entertennent is @CAPS1 and @CAPS18, these allow the user to daily life or take to friends, family or relatives. To sum this all up I would like to tell you Local news paper that you should agree that computers are a good thing for the society! Please reread and pick the right @CAPS2!",4.169998
"Dear @CAPS1 sun, I find that computers are very useful. They help people in many ways. They let people learn about what is going on in the world, teach hand eye cordination, and let you meet people online. First, people can learn about what is going on around the world. I can find out what is happening where I live by looking up your newspaper. Other people can find out about places they might go. They can find out what the weather is like so they know how to puck when going places. Also, if one of your employees is going camping they can look up a good place to camp and they can look up what kind of dangers there is when you camp so they can avoid them, because if they get sick they can't work. As you can see computers are important. Next, computers teach hand eye ncordination. Many jobs need you to be able to work well with your hands. Lets say one of your printers break down so you call someone to come fix it. They must be able to work well with their hands to fix it. Now lets say the wiring in your lights get messed up. So you call an electrician has to be good with his hands to be able to work with small wires. Both of these people are good with their hands and they could of become that way by using computers. As you can see, computers are important in today's life. Lastly, computers let you meet new people online. Lets say you are all alone after a hard day of making newpapers. You could go online and meet new people in chat rooms and online games. Now lets say that one of your employess just broke up with his girlfriend and he is sad and lonely, so she isn't working as well. He could go on an online dating site and meet the perfect girl. Now when he comes to work he is happier and making more papers and if he makes more papers you make more money. As you can see computers are very important. In conclusion, computers are wonderful machines. They can let people learn about what is going on in the world, teach people good hand eye cordination and let people neet new people online.",3.7039552
"Imagine a world where nearly every other book is banned for some reason or another. That world is not a world I want to live in. I believe that censorship in libraries is wrong. For three reasons, really, the first being that people have the right to any information that they desire to have. The second, people do not have the power to take opportunities away from other people. The last point I will make is that no information is bad information.     Because we are in @LOCATION1, I asume that we are talking about censorship in @CAPS1 libraries. If that is the case, then I think that it is unconstituitional to ban any book, or censor any material. Censoring books is like putting a blind fold on whoever is reading the material; they don't see it for what it really is, or for what the intended purpose is.     If the prompt does happen to be including foreign countries, then I think humans do not have the right to influence what other people read. This is idealistic, yes, and in a perfect world, all countires would have equal rights for everyone, regardless of race or gender. I think that people should see everything the way it is. If something is offensive, it's offensive. It's the person's choice whether or not they read or listen.     That leads me to my last point, that no information can be bad information. Whether it is profane, or offensive in any way, there is always some kind of meaning behind it. From rappers like @PERSON2 and @CAPS2 @CAPS3, who I've found all of their songs have meaning, whether it's personal, or they are trying to send a message out to the people. There are books like @CAPS4 for @LOCATION2, by @ORGANIZATION1, which has recently been banned by some school libraries because of graphic scenes. The people who banned the book fail to realize that the book is not about those scenes. There is a much deeper message about guilt and grief, and redemption beneath it. Another, more famous book that was banned from school libraries is The @CAPS5 in the @CAPS6, by @PERSON1, which is a coming of age story about a boy.      In conclusion, I don not think it is right to ban books or music from libraries. No one has the right to.There is always meaning within. The way an author writes a story or a piece of music always has meaning; they made the conscious decision to write it that way for a reason. By banning books, they are taking people's chances to grow and expand.",4.131486
"BAD @CAPS1     Do you really want your kids to see bad immages or read bad prompts? I dident think so! you can help by teaching them what is right or wrong good or bad. You need to help them have a clere cnochience so when they come across these obsticalls in life they will know what to do.     You could do what my aunt @PERSON1 does. Whenever she goes through the check out ile at a local @CAPS2 @CAPS3 or other stores she turns the magazines that she thinks is innaproperate around. My mom and dad say this is a silent protest, because she is hurting no one else she just simply dosent like it.     It makes my dad upset when ever he watches tella vision with us and thier is some thing that they never saw on @CAPS4  like half naked girls on the comershals so he will turn the channel or shut it off. because he dosent want us exposed the bad thngs of the world.     My mom is the same way but she wont let us watch @NUM1 movies if i wanted to watch thies i was usually at my friends house. My mom would probably be a little upset. I think books are ok because you dont see alot of picture books you have to read them and imagine the image i their head.     In conclusion i hope you would feel the same way i do so next time you go through that check out stop and say to your self do i want little eyes to see this. Then you should turn that maggizne around turn off the @CAPS4 and the music,you should also ead the book so you know what it is  about",2.6747692
"People go to the library to find certain types of material. Some people get offended by some of the material and feel that it should be removed. Certain materials should not be removed if found offensive to others because it might not be offensive to someone else that might enjoy it. The offensive material can be history that the world need to know, such as racism. If they did not know the importance of slavery they wouldn't know of the past life and why we are treated the way we are being treated. History is a big part of life that everyone one should know. That's why we have history class to let us know of the history that we've been through.     All material don't have to be history that is offensive. Some material have sex and violence that is offensive. The libraries should have labels on every section to let people know what type of material it is. If people know what type of material it is and still choose to view it then they get what they ask for. It shouldn't be removed because they didn't like it. I learned in history class about wars that had violence in them that some of my classmates didn't like but that's what happened and we needed to know.     Materials are made for a reason. They should not be removed if found offensive to someone but not offensive to another. I read books in school with all kinds of violence and other things people @MONTH1 not like but it's history. History makes a difference in our lives and it's what we need. You can not removed that. If you find it offensive just don't view that material again.",3.5154853
"Dear Local Newspaper, I believe that computers are an extremely useful tool in society. It helps people learn new things about different cultures. Also, it lets you communicate with friends and family through the internet, for example, using facebook or @CAPS1. Finally, it provides an accurate research tool for school projects, or interviews. First, learning about different cultures helps the world stay together. For example, here, we learn @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. Each class teaches us to respect more and more of this culture. However, some people don't have the chance to get this land of education, so they turn to the internet. If the computer didn't exist, we might not know about the lifestyle @NUM1 mi away from us. We wouldn't know if their lifestyles are extremely difficult or luxurious. Also, we wouldn't know if we could help them or not. For example, the earthquake in @LOCATION1 which. It's one step closer to world peace no more war or conflicts. Secondly, the computer helps you communicate to friends and family for in the world. I remember one time I was mailing my family friends who was in @LOCATION2, risking his life. I knew he couldn't come back to town, so I started to email him, and video chat with him. Whenever I saw his face, I knew that everything was okay. I don't know how I would have without the internet. Other ways lived you could as. Also, just communicating with friends! internet sites, like extremely useful. Finally, you use the computer for educational use. For example, research projects, study tools and essays. Whenever that a research is the internet. This extremely reliable and accurate. However that some of the websites are fake, which is easy to great research to use for school projects. Also, I know many teachers in my school have a blog or page where they put their @CAPS4 on, study links, and handouts, just in case we lose them. Whenever there is a test coming up, my @CAPS2 teacher, @CAPS5 would have links on her go to help use study. Also, is another website that helps us study for vocab. It also has many games that and learn our vocab words. As you can see, the computer helps us in our daily use and makes a positive impact on our society. From educational purposes, to learning cultures and socializing with friends it helps us get through life. As very successful newspaper and people, I assume you will understand how much the computer has made a positive effect in society.",4.2263513
"Dear local newspaper, I think that the computer is not a bad thing becase of three resons one reson is that we can learn a bought a faraway place. Another reson is they teach hand-eye coordination. The last reson is we can talk to frteinds and meet new people. From the computer we can learn a bought a faraway place if we were doing a report on it or just our of curiosity. We can learn wat kind of plantation grow there for food for example tropical places grow bananas and cocanuts. We can learn wat they eat like in @LOCATION1 they eat many beans a lot of there food have beans even there salads. We can find out there language as well maybe they talk spanish like in @LOCATION2. You can also teach hand-eye coordination becase it involves using your fingers and eyes to see what you are typing. You use ur hands on evry thing while typing wether you are typing or you are using the mouse. But it is not just for learning things it is also for freinds becase of al these sites like myspace, facebook, aim, webchat. The posibilities are endless u can even play games. If you dont know someone on face, book, or myspace thats okay it is a great way to meet new people and new freinds. And another thing if u are having trouble findin freind you can just see if they are online. It is good for getting together somwhere or something. And for those pepole who think it is taking away family time you can always just say okay thats enough and talk to them. So that is it they are good because u can learn of places, hand-eye coordination, and talk to new and old freinds. so they are good",3.0339174
"For many students it is hard to compose essay's in a public school's library. Aquiring the neccisary information is comparable to finding a needle in a haystack. This is not due to the lack of funding or even the quality of teachers and staff. No neither of these problems is the cause behind many student's inabiltiy to compose thought provoking essay and analysis over a myrad of topics. This is due to the extremes in censorship that are being placed on libraries and schools in general. Many of the relevent topics and materials need to truely understand our constantly changing world is being removed from the grasp of those who will go on to lead this new world.Some prime examples of this tyrany on knowledge is the removal of books suck as @PERSON1, @PERSON2, the @CAPS1, and many other classical works. Each of these according to many parents has good reason to be removed from our libraries. @PERSON1 @PERSON1 promotes discrimination and racial supremacy along with being written by what @CAPS3 has pegged as one of the humanity's most vile of creatures. @PERSON2 uses racial surrs that are not appropriate to be in the hands of our young children. The @CAPS1 violates the separation of church and state. Many other classical works refference racism, drugs, murder, sex and use rampant profanity. All of these are valid reasons as to why a parent @MONTH1 advocate for there to be censorship of our libraries.These reasons, as well meaning as they @MONTH1 be, are no longer good enough to be valid in todays changing environment. Many of the books that have been recomneded to be removed show us an unfiltered view of a time period from a point of view that did not belong to the 'victor' of the social battle. As we know, '@CAPS3 is written by the victors.' @CAPS4 it is good that the @CAPS5 won the @CAPS6 @CAPS7 and helped abolish slavery it is still important to realize that we still cannot remove the view point from our centers of knowledge. To forget is to remember at another time. That time is when we repeat the same mistakes again.For the parents who also want to save the innocence of their children by forbidding these books from libraries need to realize that the media has been pumping these forbiden images to their children more than books have. To censor our libraries is to cripple our children from the knowledge they need to fully understand our shadowed and fragmented world. Just because we try and close our eyes to the realities of the world does not mean that they don't exist. It is better to see and understand than to enter the world blind and dumb",4.3115287
"Today, we all have a very large variety of books to choose from when we enter a library. Some are childrens books, while others are intended for a more mature reader. Many parents are scared that their child will read a book that @MONTH1 be inappropiate for their child. The thing is, if everyone removes the books that they don't find acceptable, there won't be any books left in the library for us to enjoy.     What makes a book unacceptable to read? Could it be language, graphic scenes, or parts that are just extremely scary? Many people think that books like these should not be available for anyone to read. Removing a book from a library would be done through one's opinion. This is not fair because we all have the right to free press, which means that anyone can publish anything they wish to and everyone has the right to read it. By removing books from a library, you are violating not only the author's right, but the reader's as well.      Unfourtunately, there are some books that @MONTH1 cause a child to become scared. When a child reads a book, it's harder for them to realize that they are just reading a book. Many children take in every word of a story and turn it into a reality. Not only can this scare a child, but it makes it extremely difficult to explain that what they read in the story is not true. As more and more of these books are released, the more likely it becomes that children will be reading these offensive stories.     I believe that removing books from a library based on opinion is wrong. I understand that leaving these types of books out for children to read could cause a problem, but libraries are usually set up in sections. For instance, there is a childrens section, a teen section, and an adult section. This helps kids remain in an area appropiate for their age. I think that if a parent is worried enough that their child will read an offensive book, then they should go with their child to the library when checking out books to read.     A public library is designed to accompany a vast variety of readers. There will always be certain books that some of us find offensive. Removing books from a library only decreases the number of books to choose from; and if that were to happen, there would eventually be no books left for anyone to enjoy.",4.0582476
"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 back a couple decades ago, before computers existed. What do you see? There were children outside exercising, playing with friends, and living somewhat danger-free lives then came the computer. Computers are driving the next generation to a dangerous life of staring at an assortment of pixers all day longels well as ruining any civilized relationships you had. I strangly believe that computers have a negative affect on society. Did you know that as tha number of computers sold increases the obesity rate has gone up @PERCENT1 since computers came into our lives why? Because people spend way too much time on and not enough time exercising! Computers another affect of the long hours spent in front of screen is a decrease in eyesight ability. My family friend, @PERSON2 had to get glasses because his eyes were damaged by the computer. ""I'm worried about my daughter's eyes...she stares at that screen for hours on end!"" @CAPS2 @PERSON3, a concerned parent at @ORGANIZATION1. How could something so harmful possibly be good for our society? Speaking of hurtful, the internet is very unsafe. Predators surf the web, looking for young, innocent people to meet and most likely abuse @PERCENT2 of parents much been monitoring their children's computer usage parents are unaware that the internet makes it easy to talk to anybody in the world, from @LOCATION1 to @LOCATION2! Monitoring would also come in handy when it comes to innapropriate videos, pictures, and discussions on the internet. It is so easy to be surfing the web and fall upon things you should not be seeing! Lastly, people easily get caught up in being hidden behind a computer, and say mean, hurtful things that would never be said to one's face! these unfortunate factors cause many of the issues between people today. Speaking of which, computers have a very negative affect on relationships nowadays. As I mentioned earlier, so many fights happen through computer communications. Even if online conversations are friendly, they get people accustomed to making people ""@CAPS3"" through a computer, not face to face. After being in a computer-oriented friendship, people tend to forget how to act face to face and find personal meetings awkward. @PERSON1, an eighth grader at @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS4, ""I can't @CAPS5 only talking through computers, never being civilized with other human beings! Unfortunately, that is where computers are leading us to..."" @CAPS5 never seeing your best friend in person , only through technology! It @MONTH1 not even be your friend. It could be a dangerous poser! This is yet another problem...through the internet, you @MONTH1 not even know who such relationships are with! It could be fake, and you'd have no idea. Spending all day rolling away in front of a computer, putting yourself and relationships in danger is, unfortunately, the effect of computers. Computers are not worth the terrible consequences civilization must face. I @CAPS6 urge you to stop the advances in technology now, before it is too late! Make the change today.",4.5257607
"Dear local newspaper, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. It teaches hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. Computers are one of the best technology invention yet to come that benefits society. First off, computers teach hand-eye coordination. For instance if you're in a rush to type an amazing long essay you won't have the time to keep looking back at your paper, the keyboard and the screen. So you would need to know where these handy-dandy keys are. However, if would be a lot more trouble if you didn't have any knowledge about computers are where the helpful keys are. Secondly, people would be able to learn about faraway places. If somebody wanted to take a nice, relaxing vacation/honeymoon with their beautiful wife they would need to know the weather forecast so they would know what clothes to bring, and how much money they need to bring to visit all the luscious, freshest restaurants, hottest stores in this enormous populated city. Without a doubt, I would love to take a vacation, but if it's going to cost a fortune I might have to re-consider this amazing trip. Lastly, you can talk online with other people. On blistering cold days and you can't go outside, or call them because you don't have phone you can myspace or facebook them as long as you want as long as you have a @NUM1 and only email address that nobody else has. Now it's time to decide! Do computers have a positive or negative effect on people. In my opinion computers are great for society and we should keep having them around because they teach hand-eye coordination, and give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people. Best of all, you will be able to talk to your friend and family online. This is certainly a great form of technology people should have.",3.4427094
"Taking books off the shelves will not change anything children are just goin to @CAPS1 to a different place to find the book, @CAPS1 to a book store or Other librabies if they like it. If I seen a book and I knew I wasnt suppose to read but then I knew it was  good music, book, or magazie. I would get it cause thats what children do explore. books are here to read and to look at i feel if you know im not suppose to read it make me show prof of age or not give it to me.          Really dont understand why sum books be in stores and people dont want u reading them. Sum children dont read at all and to see them to pick up a book, @CAPS2 down to read should be good eoungh. But there is always a age group thats not suppose to read some books. But at the smae time you cant keep the child away from the world, and what it brings you. The book are put there for a reason and not just to be walked past.          I feel like the reason why children listen to music is that some time the track relate to them in a way that a other person would not understand. So they feel the song other thren what another person would hear just the @CAPS3, @CAPS4, @CAPS5, and @CAPS6. Thats not what sum parents want you to hear.     Magazines tells alot of things and show to much for the younger minds. Im a father my self and would want my son at the age of @NUM1 looking at any naked girl or adds about pron in @ORGANIZATION1 books or any of that kind. parents can sometimes be over hard on a child and not let them do a lot of things. But they feel that they knows whats best for u. What ever  they tell you is not wrong cause the @MONTH1 have been through it already. That would only lead to them doing things behide there backs. But if they want learn the easy way its aways the hard way.",2.7415202
"Should books, magazines, music, movies, and ect. be censored for certin age levels? No they should'ent. Books can be very educational. Sometimes you can't even find a book with out bad things in them. Even if they do, sometimes it's the only way to learn some of the rich history of our country.     Books can't be censored from children. Why you ask? Because the reason people read books is to learn. To learn about love, math, history, and much more. These books are writen by adults, not for adults, but for everyone to read. I read lots of books, and every book that I read I learn someting new.     Back in the ninetinth and twentith centerys, cursing was huge in books. But it wasent just to curse, it was to show the full dioulge of the character. It also set the mood of the era, and the place, where the story is being held. Such as in war books the characters curse a lot. The reason for this is that if a man gets shot in the leg and all he said was,' @CAPS1!!' That isn't how the character would act. The man would curse his lungs out. Not literly but when the author writes what someone would truely say, the reader will have a better understanding of the characters in the book.     As the quote says, everyone has the same right to read, which is true. Its true because everyone has a right to be interested and learn about what they are interested in. Right? I myself strongly belive they everyone should choose what they want to learn about, and then have the freedom to do that.     So should books in a library be censored? No defenitly not. its the best way for people to learn what life is really like. Sometimes you can learn anything with out reading a book with curse words, sex, or violance. People worry that reading books like this will create bad people if they learn these things at a younger age. But it wont, it will only show them how not to act. And can only create a better person.",3.1506443
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 do you think is the best technology made so far? Computer! They are the best technology because you can do anything on the computer. My friends say computers are one @ORGANIZATION1 the best technology because the internet can help a lot @ORGANIZATION1 things like if you have research paper. Research has proven that computers are a positive effect on people. My mom says computers are one @ORGANIZATION1 the most hardiest tools in the world. @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 my friends say that computers are one @ORGANIZATION1 the best because you can get help from the internet on homework assignments. They say that for people to talk online with other people. They said that they can interact with family members who live far away. They also said that on being on the computer has taking more teens @ORGANIZATION1 the streets and in their homes. Dr. @ORGANIZATION1 has done extensive research and has proven that being on the computer teaches you hand-eye cordination. Another thing he has proven is since computers has been invented the violence rate has gone down because more people spend time at home on their computers rather than out on the streets. He also proven that since people have started schools the success in school grades has gone way up. He thinks they have gone up because, instead @ORGANIZATION1 students reading long boring article on someone or something they can just search it on the internet. He said using the internet also saves more time. My mother syas when she was younger the computer gave her the ability to learn about far away places. My mother said that the internet would also let you learn about people customs rather than reading books because some books have not yet been upgraded and you would want to learn about their newest customs also. My mom thinks that using computer is a posotive effect on the world. @CAPS1 you are doing a fine job at writing at your job. My friends say computers are helpful, research has proven that computers have dropped the percentage at violence down, my also thinks that the computers is a posotive effect on us. I know you will agree with me when I say that having computers has put a powerful effect on people it gives people an easier time in life.",3.6672258
"Dear Local Newspaper, I beleive, myself if, that computers are extreemly important to our society in this day and age. Computers help people talk with people. Online, and keep in touch with family and friends. Secondly, I think that computers are important is because they help with learning, even online schooling. Lastly, computers just help for the need of entertainment for people. Computers are one of the most used tools on the planet. Almost every family has one, some people even have more than @NUM1. Let's face it, there are many people traveling around the world, just trying to make a decent living for their families. Computers help them keep in touch, wheather it's by e-mailing them, or even video chat. This makes people happy, and still keeps them informed about what their family members, or friends are up to. For some people, it can re-unite family, by someone searching, I don't know, maybey their long-lost brother, or something. Computers keep families togetherm and you might just got a little surprise every now and again! My we should keep computers because we. Lastly, computers can just be plain fun! Maybe you're looking for some funny videos, just go on and search,""funny videos"", and it will keep you busy for a while. I know that I enjoy downloading music, too, so why should it be any different for other people? If there is a song going through your head, just look it up and I'm sure you'll find what you are looking for. You @MONTH1 be cooking and need a recipie for something, I am sure you're computer is more than willing to tell you whatever you please. All right, so, computers are one of the most important tools, of this world that we live in today. We depend on computers for many things, like keeping in touch with family, helping people learn things, and provide entertainment, just to name a few. Computers can help with countless things.",3.4296288
"As Katherine Paterson once said, 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.' As an author, she feels if she, and anyone else, has the right to take those uncensored books off the shelf, then there will be no books left. Depending on the person, some books @MONTH1 be offensive to some, but not all. I dont think that books should be able to be taken off the shelf by anyone because everyones preference on books can be different. I believe that libraries should keep unsensored books in a certain section, so children can easily be kept from seeing or reading unappropriote material at their age. And lastly, my own experience has led me to believe there should be a warning on certain books, saying not all the material could be appropriote.     People having the right to take any book off the shelf would be unfair for the people. The library is a quiet place, meant for people to come and read any type of book, do homework, study groups, and undergo research for practiaclly any topic, @CAPS1 the number of books based on one persons opinion is unfair to everyone else who might enjoy that genre. Libraries and books were one of the main resources for researching before there was internet and many eople still prefer books to this day. I think the freedom of taking any book off the shelf would be endangering the process of learning and discovering     To reduce the number of uncensored books being found by children or people who find them offensive, there should be a certain section in the library for just those books. That way, people who have an interest in those books can read them, but also they are kept away for those who dont want to read them. I think taking away any type of book is unfair to the people because everyone like different genres of books, so having uncensored books in one section is fair to all. It would also be easier on parents knowing their children wont find books with material in them that they shouldnt be reading.      By disagreeing with the right to take any book off the shelf, I think each book with any uncensored material should be marked with some type of sticker on the binding, just as a warning. If one sees that sticker and knows they dont want books with that type of material, then they can easily return the book with no argument. I have had experience with trying to find a book for a school project, but later finding there was material in it that really wasnt appropriote for school. This made me have to find a new book for the project. I didnt want to completely take the book off the shelf and away from any one else who wanted to read it, but a warning right then would of been easier in the situation.      In conclusion, I dont believe that certain materials should be taken off by just anyone. Taking away books would spark many disagreements because even though one person might find something offensive, doesnt mean every other person will. As mentioned before, putting the uncensored books in a different section and putting a sticker on the binding would give a clear warning to anyone not wanting to read unsencored books. I think every library needs to take into consideration of the topics above to help people reduce the issue of people or children finding uncensored books in just any section",3.9237206
"Dear Readers, @CAPS1 you imagine not talking to distant friends, only knowing about your town, or even failing @CAPS5 you didnt ha a @CAPS3? I know I couldnt. Some of the great benefits of having a @CAPS3 are talking online with friends, learning about new places and things everywhere, and being able study for and tests from the internet. First, being able to talk to distant friends and relatives is now passive with the @CAPS3. Facts show show that @PERCENT1 of families in the @LOCATION1 have distant friends with @CAPS2, now all of these people can tlk to each other! Ill never forget the time that my close freinds moved, but i was still able to talk to him @CAPS5 of the @CAPS3. Second, the @CAPS3 allows you to learn about new places and things all around the world. I never would have I know about some of the places I've been to if it was for comoputer, @ORGANIZATION1 stated that the @CAPS3 expert @PERSON1 says ""@CAPS3 are the reason we have in much without @CAPS3 wouldn't know about the places."" @CAPS4, it is now possible study without @CAPS5 of the @CAPS3, @CAPS6 can be done on the internet online. I'll never forget the that I forget my book, but I @CAPS1 still study @CAPS5 of the online book. In conclusion the @CAPS3 has benifits to you, like interacting with friends online, learning about new places, and being able to study. Computers are just end all-around benifits.",3.2902963
"Do you know that square box with a screen on @CAPS11? Or that rectangular snaped objected with letters on @CAPS11? Or that other rectangular box where you put a disk, a usb, and you turn @CAPS11 on at. All that is a computer. Yes! @CAPS11 is fun, you @CAPS3 play games, go on internet, watch videos, and check your mail. If you had a computer everything would be easy but @CAPS2 nor. @NUM1 reasons why is if you have kids and they go on your computer you have at home @CAPS11 @CAPS3 cause them addiction, @CAPS11 @CAPS3 be inaproprite, and @CAPS11 could be exspensive. Pleases near my reasons and give me a fighting chance. The first reason why computers are bad because @CAPS11 @CAPS3 cause addition to your child. @CAPS12 a problem because your child bother you and say, ""@CAPS1 or @CAPS7 @CAPS3 I go on the computer pleace"". And you say yes and when you let thom on they will be happy when you say. ""@CAPS2 time to act off the computers"" they will say ""@CAPS3 I stay on just for a little longer or I dont wanna act off @CAPS4 in a middle of a game."" @CAPS5 when they finnally act of and thir nexted day they will ask you again ""@CAPS6 or @CAPS7 @CAPS3 I go on the computer"" and if you say ""@CAPS8"" they will cry and throw a temper And the more you let them on the they will wanna stay @CAPS9 if you say, ""@CAPS8"" you will get a The second reason why @CAPS2 a bad thing to have a computer is because @CAPS11 @CAPS3 inaproprite, @CAPS11 @CAPS3 be inaproprite because you child is growing up he or she will go ento the internet and lat a things like nude pictures or videos about a or a that world to lead your child having sexual intercorse. There you will but at the age of @NUM2 to @NUM3 years old and you they of inaproprate a computer @CAPS3 do. @CAPS9 last but not least the last reasons why a computer is bad because they are computers cost about @MONEY1 more a days and you @CAPS3 broth your computer and @CAPS11 will cost you a lot get @CAPS11 fixed or to get a new one and they will be on @CAPS11 even more or they @CAPS3 press @CAPS11 up trust me I know. @CAPS5 @CAPS12 why a computer isnt always a good thing. Now that you hav heard my reasons I hope you take this info consederations and think about @CAPS11 you really want a computer or not they are good and easy but they also have some bad side effects. All the facts are true ans I say about @NUM4 people in the world go threw computers every year @CAPS5 think hard. Do you",3.6630368
"Dear local newspaper, I overheard some people talking about how much time their families spend on the computer. My opinion is that they should not be on the computer staring at a screen for long periods of time. I think this because it takes away time from important tasks, there is something healthier than enclosing yourself with a computer monitor, that would be going outside or being active. Another reason is that you can have more time being around family and friends. First, you shouldn't be spending so much time on the computer. You could be getting other tasks done. Such @CAPS2 working, or for most teens, doing homework. Studies show that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 teens get easily distracted by social networking websites such @CAPS2 ""@CAPS1"". ""twitter"", and ""aol"". People in the workplace are distracted two. Sometimes the job can get boring, so workers just go on the computer instead of getting things done. Children could be doing chores or just helping around the house a little, but they go on the computer instead. Teens regular routine consists of waking up, getting ready, soing on the computer, school, coming home, snack, and then going back to the computer. We need to break those habits of going back to the computer. Staring at a computer screen for long periods of time is not healthy. Instead, you could be active in a sport, or just going outside and playing."" @CAPS2 technology goes up seizure rates have also gone up."" @CAPS3 to a doctor at @ORGANIZATION1. Being involved in a sport would be healthier and more fun that talking to people online. Also, your not exercising while on the computer, being active keeps your shape along with being fun. The most important reason you shouldn't be on the computer for a long time is because your using valuable time you could have used to spend with family and friends. Most people barely see their family when their at home because their consumed in the computer. Laptops have made it easier to block people out. Bringing it into your room and shutting the door, is the most common way. Hang out with the friends your already talking to online, wouldn't it be better in person? In conclusion, we should limit our computer time to do other tasks, be active, and spend time with friends and family.",3.6825714
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have reason to believe that computers and other similar modern technologie is breaking up the world we once were. Things such as computers are a main cause of @CAPS3 lacking exercise, interaction with family and friends, and is also a possible danger to ones mental health. The leading cause of obecity and an outrageous amount of overweight people in @LOCATION1, is the fact that people spend way to much time on computers, and not excersizing. I have recently found out that in the @DATE1's the average familly had one computer (sometimes none). Nowadays, the average familly has up to @NUM1, @NUM2, or even more! Furthermore, the percentage of obese peoples has sky rocketed since then, because people are almost always on the computer, rather than exercising like they should be. A major reason that modern technologie has hur t our nation, is that there is an immence lack of communication and interaction between families. Families are fighting/arguing more often, and spouses getting in divorces because they never get to spend time together. Studies have shown that nowadays @NUM3 of @NUM1 marages ends in a divorce, where as in @DATE2, it was @NUM3 of @NUM6. Advances in technologie have astoundingly increased since then, and people are on the computer/phones/other @CAPS4 which is separating families everywhere. When impubesent children are trying to grow and expand their minds, all they are doing is sitting on the computer, and not getting the brain nutrition they need. The students in schools today are the future leaders of the world. Now the parents should be thinking, if they want their children to do well, or exeed their expectation in life, then they should not be sitting on the computer all day filling their-heads with nonesence. Now, computers do have the abillity to be educationally usefull, but do children use them that way? The answer in no, and, ""@PERCENT1 of the time, neither do adults"", state @PERSON1 from the @ORGANIZATION1. I hope you can agree on the fact that computers are causing more bad than good in familes all around the world. People are not getting the amount of exercise they need, aren't interacting with family enough, and these computers can become harmfull to the mental health of future generations. If famillies can minimize the amounts of computer-drawn activities, then I think parents all over the world can modify themselves about their childrens health.",4.2545614
"Did you know that four out of five households have a computer? But why so many? It's because computers have a positive effect on people, Have you ever thought why? With computers you can contact people in different parts of the @CAPS1. You can search up different information over the internet. Computers also benifit other electronic inventions. What do @LOCATION5, @LOCATION2, @LOCATION6 and @LOCATION7 all have in common? you can contact the people there with computers! while talking to people around the @CAPS1, you can learn something about a culture or lifestyle that you didn't know before. You just might make a new friend along the way. Picture if you will, a hard working business man who lives in the @LOCATION1. He works for a @CAPS1 - famous company and has to go to a meeting with the big boss is @LOCATION4. Wouldn't it just be easier to set up a video chat? That way, there's no hassle with a plane voyage and it's much easier. Why do you think it's called the @CAPS1-@CAPS2 @CAPS3? Over the internet, you can search up unlimited amounts of information. Animals, sports, a report to do on @LOCATION3, where do you go to find easy-to-read information instantly? Search him up on @ORGANIZATION1 or @ORGANIZATION2. You never what might find out. There are new additions daily. With no computers, how would you download music to an @NUM1? You can't, you have to use a computer. Computers benifit a lot of other electronic equipment. You can download videos, print out photographs and charge @CAPS4 and other electronics. Technology these days is empressive. It gave birth to the much-used computer. Computers have a large positive effect on our lifestyle. Contact with otehrs around the @CAPS1 is now easier than ever. Information can be found instantly. And with computers, other electronics can work as well.",3.6227264
"Dear @LOCATION1 press, I have recently heard about many arguments based on computers ruining society. I strongly disagree with this. I think the computer is a great way to hook up with old friends. The internet is also faster for research than looking in a book and there are many games on the internet. I believe that the internet is a great way to hook up with old friends. Some people have moved away and I haven't been able to talk to then. Now, with the internet I can able to talk again. The same case with my mom. She had friends from high school and college who she ever talked to. Now, with facebook she has re united with them. This also helps because you can email someone interested of sending a letter in the mail, which costs money, unlike email. So the internet can also be a way of saving money. It is also much faster to send someone an email than a letter. The internet is a great way to keep intouch with friends and relatives. I also believe that the use of computer is more efficient than doing to a library and researching a book. If you don't have enough time to go the to a library, you can do some research at your house. What if the library is closed if you do go, then you wasted some time. The internet never closes, it is open @NUM1. What if you go to the library and they are open, but do hot have a book on your subject? This can also be done on the internet because there is any thing you could ever ask for on the internet. If you have an over due library book you can renew the book on the internet. The internet is a great place research on any topic you have or doing what ever you want. Finally, the computer is great for playing about every game, there is that you would feel like playing. Also @CAPS1 of spending about @MONEY1 on an x-box and a game, you @MONTH1 only have to spend about @MONEY2 on a game that goes into your computer. There are also many websites that have games on them. Some websites are for specific games, and same have many games on them. Only a few of the games are interactive with other players and you can talk and make new friends. On the other hand, many games are only for one player. As a result, a computer is a great use to play games. In conclusion, I believe the computer is great need for our society. In the long run it will pay off, especially with the economics problems our country is having now, by helping us save money,. It will also allow connection with old friends, save time, and provide entertainment to all who would like.",4.102177
"Dear local Newspaper, @CAPS1 waste your time learning at home when thats what schools for? People are concerned that too many people are spending too much time on their computers. They spend less time outdoors, excersising, and enjoying nature! People need more time to interact with their family. People are concerned. They are concerned there is way too much computer time. One time my mom had just bought a new computer and I stayed up all night on the internet. When I woke up the morning I was so tired and I didnt want to go to school. I think you should consider less computer time. The more time people use their computers the less time they are enjoying the outdoors. Insted of talking to you on myspace that they right down the street at the park with them. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people in @CAPS2 that use alot of computer time. Interacting is a nice enjoy nature and have fun. Family activities is a nice, fun and enjoyable way to spend your time. You can go to park when its nice outdoor weather, go swimming, play sports, in the wintertime you can possibly go to the movies, go to the mall, have fun with the family dont waste your time on the internet. In conclusion, there is too much computer time and you as the newspaper editor I advise you to make computers more expensive so people can spend their money on something more usefull because there is too much computer time. My mom says that ""more people use there computers, more that they put their feet in their shoes and walk outside!"" @CAPS3 people in @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 think the same. Please consider my opinions the right way. Thank you",3.3808532
"Books? Movies? Music? Magazines? We all like to read them, watch them, and listen to them. @CAPS2's hard to stop all that. Plus, @CAPS2's impossible to stop. Everywhere you go you can find these items. Such as the movie store, the mall, a gas station, a yard sale, and even your public library. People of all ages can go anywhere and get a book, movie, a @CAPS1, or a magazine and @CAPS2's perfectly fine. But, there is one problem. Censorship.     Yes that's what i said, 'censorship.' @CAPS2 means alot to some parents when @CAPS2 comes to their children. Espescially when @CAPS2 comes to the public library where they live. If a parent wants to take their kids to the library and get some books or movies or ect. that's okay but if a parent has to worry about a movie or magazine has 'bad things' in @CAPS2 that children shouldn't see is a problem. They want to be able to enjoy the movie or @CAPS1 or magazine with their children but bad things like nudity, violence, racial pictures, or profanity can be really offensive to parents AND people alone, just not parents. A lot of these examples can be offensive to anyone or everyone and censorship is a pretty good idea. There is no way if I was a parent that I would want my kids to look at or watch or read any 'bad things' because we all know that is not right. Kids are young and don't need to be learning about that stuff at a young age.      I think censoring is a really great idea and I think Libraries and other places that have books, movies, music, magazines, ect. should censorize there things. But if they wont censorize anything they should at least put them in catagories such as 'adults' or 'young adults' or 'kids'. If they catagorize the ratings then the parents and you know where to look for and don't have to worry about censorship. Censorship should be practiced everywhere.",3.4346368
"Dear local Newspaper editor, More and more people are using computers, but not everyone thinks that is such a good idea. Those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Other experts disagree. I think that computers do have a positive effect on people because they let you learn about anything all over the world, they let you talk online with other people, and teach hand eye coordination. I think that computers are very helpful. Dont you love having the oppritunity to research anything from any part of the world that you want to learn about? I'm sure that everyone who has a computer does. With computers, you can use search engines like, google, yahoo, ask, and so many more. I know that computers help me with research all the time when I do projects or write papers for school. The internet is a great, reliable that you cango to when researching a topic for shcool or even just looking for an answer to a simple question. My next reason is that computers let you talk to other people online. Things like facebook, email, myspace, and web-caming all let you communicate with people anywhere in the world. For example, I have an aunt that lives in @LOCATION1, and on christmas me and my family used my cousins webcam to see her and talk to her when we couldnt be with her on a special holiday. Also, things like facebook and myspace let you put up pictures and chat with friends and family all over the world. My last reason why I think computers have a positve effect on people is that playing on the computer is a good leisure time activity. There are all kinds of fun games you can play, and some even let you compete with other people around the world. For example, internet checkers is a game that lets you compete against someone else. There are so many websites that let you pick games you want to play out of a huge selection. Its obvious that computers have a positive effect on people for research, talking to friends & family and leisure activities. I hope you agree with me!",3.6553686
"Computers. Theres fun. But there's also a down side. People spent more time on it than outside or exersizing or even getting together with friends and family. But on ther hand, they're also fun, help kids, and even help get together from dating sites. It makes them happy. It's fun! Computers are fun. They provide a wide arrow of games, educational can just plain fun. You can play role playing games (which and fun because I play a few myself), or you could play educational games like the games on islands, or other downlodabal education games that are, @CAPS1 not fun but essential for the growth and development of a learning child. They also can help kids learn how to and other things at a very early age. Some very adults have and various other things that I cannot the life of me think of @CAPS2 thing computer get them together and they are happy. They do this hundreds of a day. Take away computers and people will die alone and sad. so in conclusion my ideas where! fun help kids and help older people get together. Read this and @CAPS3 sure you'll see it my way.",2.8732922
"To who @CAPS3 @MONTH1 consern,         I belive that books,movies, and magazines should not beremoved from the shelfs of a library if they are found offensive. @CAPS2 books @MONTH1 seem offinsive to @CAPS2 people but to others there prospective is a lot different. I belive that if books or other things are found offinseive they should have  a speacial place for them, to where mature people will be able to read them. Books are very valuable to most people in the united states.      Many people love to read stuff that other people might find offensive. But is @CAPS3  really wrong for them to like something that someone else took the time to write. Just because one person  reads a book or magazine and they find something in there that they do not like they call @CAPS3 offensive. I have a feeling that alot more people would feel the same way.      Along with movies,and etc. I feel like none of them should be removed from the shelves of a library. There are kids sections, @CAPS1 sections, And even a teenage section. I feel like parents now in days dont want thier children to learn about stuff early in life. But i still feel like if they did not want there kids reading @CAPS3 then dont let them.     If there ever was a need to really look at something and give @CAPS3 another chance this  would be the topic right here. Libraries all over the world are all neat and organized. So why could they not make a section just for books, movies, magazines that people find offinsive. Sure @CAPS3 might take a little bit more work but hey, @CAPS2 one has to do @CAPS3.      As you can see these are really good reason why they should not remove stuff that other people find offinsive  from  libraries. I mean half of the stuff they find any way are based on true stories or they are biographys. People really do enjoy alot of these books and even movies,or magazines. @CAPS3 would be really great if this could happen, @CAPS3 would make a lot of people happy and satisfide.",3.2603827
"I will be talking about, do think books, music, or even magazines should be removed from libraries if they are found offensive. In my opinion I don't think books, music, movies, or magazines should be removed from shelves if they are found offensive too some people. Because not all people have the same interests.     First of all I think things shouldn't be removed from library shelves because people don't like the items because they get offended. But the people who like the item say like an explicit @CAPS1 they would probably buy it. But also the people who don't the explicit @CAPS2 would get offended and would want it off the shelves.     Another example can be a book. what if a person didn't like what he/she read and gets offended. They would return the book and would not want to sell anymore and wouldn't mention it to a friend. But another person comes along and picks the same book and did like what he/she did read and that person would probably recommend it to a friend.     The same way goes for a magazine also. What if a person gets offended at an advertizement. A person likes it and returns it, then comes along another person who gets offended at it and doesn't like it it shouldn't stop selling for that particcular person.     In conclusion I think things in the library shouldn't stop selling because one person gets offended at it. they shouldn've look at the item in first place.",3.2777748
"There is many different topics that could be offensive, @CAPS5 just depends on the person's own personal judgement. In my opinion I do not believe that materials should be removed because not everyone has the same view or opinons. If someone comes from a different country or evern a different religion, topics like abortion and racism are going to be viewed very differently. I think having a variety of topics will help expand different thoughts and make the readers of the material see things in a different way.      When I am older and if one of my elementary children was to bring home a book over abortion, I would be concerned. Honestly though, I do not believe schools would let inapropriate topics for younger childeren read books like that. @CAPS5 is a little bit different with a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 student though. Their maturity level is going to be mature enough to handle the material and I do not think @CAPS5 is right for schools to remove something that could actually help someone.      In the book, 'A @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5', there is a lot of detailed events that happen. Some might say @CAPS5 is too graphic for children but the reality of @CAPS5 is, events like those happen in today's society. @CAPS5 really opened up my eyes and I am extremely happy I read @CAPS5. The realization actually made me want to help those children who grow up in homes like the one described in the book. I believe @CAPS5 had the same effect on other people too and some children might even grow up to help others in that horrible situation.      Libraries should be able to have a variety of different books. I am not saying however that they should have books on murder and saying @CAPS5 is alright but books that will help expand the children's minds. @CAPS5 could even change their lives. Some books are a sensitvie topic but who has the right to tell someone something they should believe? @CAPS5 would mean more to someone if they found their own way and beliefs then having people tell them what they should and should not do or believe in.      I have also read a book recently titled, '@CAPS6', @CAPS5 is about the government granting the ability to @CAPS6 your children and then the body parts will go to those in need. @CAPS5 is sort of cruel in one way but the topic the author is trying to get across is not. A quote from the book is, 'On one side you have people killing abortion doctors for the right of life and on the other you have people getting pregnant just to sell their fetal tissue'. @CAPS5 states that everywhere you go people are going to disagree and agree on things but not everyone will believe in the same thing. @CAPS5 shows that just because one person thinks one way is right does not mean another will. The book changed my perspective on many different topics and helped me open my eyes on different views.      Racism, abortion, @CAPS3 abuse, unwinding your children, what ever the case @MONTH1 be, some people will support @CAPS5 and some will not. I think @CAPS5 is time for children around the world to discover for themselves what they truely believe in and taking 'offensive' material from @CAPS2 libraries is not going to help any. My opinion on this topic is strongly advising to leave the material alone because for there to be a book about @CAPS5, the author had to have had a reason to write @CAPS5 and honestly, what is better for the future then a generation of children grounded to their own true beliefs",3.9200335
"have you ever think about why teenagers are changing each day? sometimes parents don't pay attention why is that happening, because they think their kids are wroging up or because they need more freedom or even because they need more time.  when the time pass they stop and think what happend to my kids why are they changing to much? but they don't know why we bahave like that. you have ti stop that, because we are changing because of what we see on magazines, movies, and books, and also music; sometimes music have offensive words that we learn.                but also music, books,magazines, and movies are good, but when they don't have offensive words or bad things in it. sometimes they affect us in a good way but the majory of the time they affect us in a bad way because we learn bad things. sometimes little kids read books whit bad and offensive words.          i remember when my friend and I were @NUM1 years old she started reading books with offensive words, and her mom got mad at her. after that she started insulting her mom and calling her names and her mom was feeling bad, but she didn't know why her doughter was acting bad. the next day i went to their house and i told her mom that she was reading bad books and watching movies with offensive words, and i told her mom where she was hiding all thoes books and movies.        when she got home i was there and her mom had all the books and movies on her hand and she give me a bad look and she told me that i was a bad friend because i told her mom, i started crying becuase she make me feel bad but she didn't know that i was doing it for her on good.           before i move to the @LOCATION1 she went to my home and she said 'I am sorry because i treated you like that', and i told her that i did it because i loved her and because she was like my sister since we were little. we started crying; now we still best friends. this days, little kids now everything and it is because of what they watch and see.            you can help us by taking all of the bad words and offensive words of the books, movies, and magazines. help us to became someone important in life.",3.0854418
Computer can be used for anyting but sometimes people use it for illeagle things like music some music site are a illeagle and sometimes thing off the internet. People meet over the internet can be sometimes dangerous because some people lye about there age or put fake pictures of them.,1.5098739
"Dear readers, I right to you today about the effects of computer usage. I feel that there are some positive and some negative effects from using the computer. You can talk to people, and you can get work done, but if you are at this to much you'll be starting to gain bad health and miss other things in life. Throughout the computer, there is many ways to communicate with others, which is an amazing thing. Whether it be through a game, typing or real chatting, it's very important to talk to people and this makes things much easier than going out nad talking to people face to face. For, example penpals, over the years people have written letters to their penpals, but know you can send it over mail and email doesn't cost any money, just type up your letter click a button and done. Another positive point about computers is that you're able to get work done on it. From work for a business to school work, it doesn't matter. You bear of people using computers to do work all of the time. Why do you think there are computer labs at school or desks with computers in offices. Computers have become advanced and the easiest thing to get things done with. Presentations, essays, graphs, anything. A concern I have of the computer is that people are becoming to addicted to computers. Many younger people are overusing computers wich leads to bad health. When people sit in front of a computer screen all day only getting up to grab something to eat, people will because obese. To stall healthy people need to be outside and exercise. We need to make rules to keep people out in the open out to give the generation a healthy life. So, I have mixed feelings about computers. They can be amazing for a while but only for a while. And if you can't see this open your eyes",3.3836987
"Dear @CAPS1, Have you ever used a computer to do anything besides buisness? Well if not then when you are not busy you should try it. The effects computers have on people is that it's a lot of fun to go on and play, helpful with mostly anything, and you can find just about anything from websites on clothing to maps to the store location. There are three reasons why you should agree with me and these reasons are people have the right to choose what they want to, in this weather it's a little bit to cold to go out and enjoy nature, lastly they can interact with friends and familys online on a website. People have the right to choose what they do because the goverment can't choose for you since they're busy with other more important stuff. Also in the constitution it states that the goverment can't choose for us while we have the power to think. In this weather it's cold to go out, plus nature is so much better in the @DATE1 and the @DATE2 where it's not to hot to cold and thats when the sun is good thats when people should enjoy nature. With all the technology in todays world it's better to take advantage of the technology in this world, also the technology we have is helping people like generators because in old times people didn't have generators. So I hope this letter has changed your opinion and thank you for reading it.",2.9594588
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people think that computers are used too much, and are helping people become over weight, and even obese. This is maybe true, but computers also teach hand eye coordination, give people the oppertunity to learn about far away places, and people can even coordinate on them! Over all I think computers effect people in a positive way, and these are some reasons why. Computers help teach hand eye coordination. I know your probably thinking huh? How do computers do that? All your doing is staring at a screen. But to your dismay computers do teach hand eye coordination. It does this because while playing games, people watch the screen, and click with their hands. They dont just stare at the mouse while they play these games. By doing so, it teaches hand eye coordination. Scientist have provine that people who own a computer and use it at least @NUM1 hours a week, have better coordination that people who dont own a computer by @PERCENT1! Just that statistic alone speaks a thousand words alone. Hand-eye coordination is a thing. It helps you play better in sports like baseball, and not only that but it helps future jobs. As you can tell, @CAPS1, without computers out hand eye coordination. People think that computers are only used for games, but in reality, they teach us @CAPS2 things about the world. Without computers people would know about nearly anything thats going in other countries. For example, the other day, my mom was checking her email and came access the stay of a young, starving. That are story changer her anyday life because takes food for granted. Without computer my mom would have more in other countries. Because we live in the @CAPS4.S whats going on in other countries. Are less fortanite, but computer help remind and teach us whats going in the world everyday. One of the main advantages about computers is they allow people to communicate through them. Even my grandmother said the, without computers, I wouldnt be as close to you as I am today. @CAPS5 and my grandmother use the website skype.com. This websit allows you to not only talk to the other person, but to see them too! Because of site like these. Im allowed to stay in contact, and be able to see my grandmother who lives faraway. Without computers this wouldnt be possible. Not only do computers let you talk to people far away, but people close too. I often find myself asking friends over the computer, what the homework is, or whens the next test, etc. Computers make it easier to connect to people near and far. In conclusion, computers help in all different ways. The world would be upside down without them. They give people the ability to learn about far away places and people, teach hand eye coordination, and allow people to communicate with each other. Computers have @CAPS2 flaws, but they also have so @CAPS2 positive effects too that I think they shine over all the tiny flaws. Thank you",4.242095
"Dear Local Newspaper, I just heard that people are spending too much time on computers than with their families and friends. No @CAPS1 is not true just listen to the reasons why in a computer you can find people that you'r looking for. Also @CAPS1 can always help you on something that you need help on and you can do different kinds of activities. If you keep on reading you are going to see all the tipical reasons why I think that people are not spending much time on computers than with their families. (@NUM1) @CAPS2 reason why I think that people are not spending much time on computerr is because, the computer can help you look for a family member that your looking for or a friend. My second reason why I think this is because naybe you never met that family member and you want to get to know them. My last reason why I think this is because @CAPS1's really a person that you really love and need in your personal like. These are the reasons why I think that they are not spending to much times on the computers. (@NUM2) @CAPS3 reason why I think that people are not spending too much time on computers is because @CAPS1 can help you in many things that you need help on. My second reason why I think that they are not spending too much time on computers is because you can do your homeworks their and @CAPS1 can help you with @CAPS1. @MONTH1 last reason is because if you find something really difficult that you dont know @CAPS1 helps. (@NUM3) @CAPS4 I think that people are not spending too much time on the computers because you can do different kinds of activities their. My second reason why I think this is because when your having a @CAPS5 party and you need invitations the computer can help you. My last reason why I think this is because if you want to move to @CAPS3 state or country you can see the place on the website and then you can go. These are the reasons why I think that the computer is very helpfull. (@NUM4) I hope that after reading all the tipical reasons of computers like, @CAPS1 can help you on many things, you can look for people, and you can do different activities, that I really convinced you, also I hope that you really liked and enjoyed reading my letter.",3.37527
"What is more fun, stairing at a blank computer screen all day, or spending the day out in beutifull nature with your friends and family? Well, if you don't know, I do. I took a survey at my school with the same exact question and @PERCENT2 of the kids said that hanging out with friends and family is much more than spending all of your time on the computer, and there are three reasons why they said that. First, instead of talking to people on the computer, than in person. Next it's unhealthy, and lastly alot of bad things can happen on the internet. So, if you are interested in this topic please keep on reading and I will prove that the computer is not a good way to spend your spair time. Do you know what computers were intended to do? Computers were you people, but have for one second that instead of interacting with people you should interact with the people around you. Instead of going on facebook/myspace to talk to your friends, just them over. If you do that its not only more fun, healthier for you. So next time anything else just think the other options. In my last paragraph didnt I say that hanging out with friends is much more healthier then being? Well I was absolutly @PERCENT1! Did you know that when you waist your only hurting yourself? Well, you are when all your doing is sitting down stairing at a screen you are not doing anything to help your self because you are get absolutly exercise. When your not on the computer at least walking a little bit, but typeing doesnt do anything for you. Thats why people shouldn't spend all of their time on the computer. Have you ever heard of an internet preditor? Well if you let me just sum it up for you. An internet preditor is someone that uses the computer to get people they dont know do inapropriate things. And did I say it was against the law, because it is. So if you you ignore friend because if you dont, bad things. And tahts just one of the reasons why people spend as much time on the computer. So, now you know why people shouldnt spend as much time on the computer as they usually do. First, instead of talking to people on the computer, go in person. Next, it's unhealthy, and lastly, internet preditors. So the next time you open your laptop, just think is it more fun stairing at a blank computer screen or spending the day in beutifall nature with friends and family? And always remember what the is.",3.7492528
"Whispers and comments fill the room while people make their way throughout the library. The critialzing of books and materials that are neatly stacked in the shelves, are taken and miss treated from the harsh people that think they are offensive. In my point of view, I strongly agree that there is no right to argue about what should or should not be removed in the libraries.      The reflecting of my own views along with the libraries, shows intertest in the materials for people all over the world. The reason that I, myself, do not believe in this situation is how it mentioned in Katherine Paterson's passage. It explained, 'And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.' @CAPS1 everybody around has a unique part about themselves, and that is having a different look on something than someone else might have. This leads into taking a material or book they see, the wrong way and being offensive about it. However, there might be someone else that does not view that same exact book is wrong, but instead, see's something else that could lead to be offensive to them as well.      To make this observation not as confusing, I will share my own experience that might help focuse more on my argument. There is a time when I went to the library and saw books and especially magazines throughout, that had an impact on colored people. It described how it would be like, if there was still slavery and that if everybody wasn't taught or treated equal amongst everyone else. In this situation, it could go both ways on how colored people tend to look and feel about this. Maybe the people are relieved and interested, knowing they are free now. On the other hand however, many colored people might get in an awkward position, having no passion of bringing the equiality up in the present world, or even the future. Many might want to forget about what happened, instead of books and magazines still publishing articles and stories about it. Again, this argument might go both ways, meaning one less book would be off the shelf, or many would be newly stacked aside from the others.     When people think of materials, they most likly think of something that symbolizes an event, time period, or a symbol itself. This could also have an impact on the censorship in libraries. The way people want to take roll in the things they are part of, might actually be found in the library. However, someone that thinks there is no right for it to be shown, will remove the material. This tends to make the people that thought it was right, not find the interest they wanted to recieve.     Another arugment people might have is that libraries are a public place, right? Well this should cut back or maybe even add more pull into what they can or can not share within their readings, materials, and movies. People might think that they have a right to argue or take the offensive actions out. Not so quick though as people can prove that they can put anything back as well. Well, instead of picking and choosing, I think everything should be left alone and people should only go to the section of interest they are looking for and leave the other materials out of their view.     My experience and observations about this argument has covered why I, and all of you, should reflect on the views of censorship the approperiate way in libraries. Not saying this will control all the problems, but it will help from removing all of materials that could have a big roll in future process of taching children, teachers, and of course, each and everyone",3.7921128
Well people should be able to get whatever they want if there an adult kids should not but what can you do. It wouldnt be right to take away things that people like.,1.2854506
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 @CAPS4 all the talk about computers these days I would have to agree with the people who think its taking up alot more of our time. I hardly ever see people playing outside anymore because apparently computers are far more entertaining then being with your friends and family. Why do you think the obesity is so high these days? Well theres one of the reasons and I @CAPS5 when my parents were kids that they had no computers and they went outside to enjoy nature. Computers have there ups and downs but I do not think they benifit out society, first reason being, computers are taking away time to be with our friends and family. I rember when facebook and @CAPS6 werent created those were the days when people actually did fun things with there friends and family. there was a recent study that snowed since @DATE1 to @PERCENT1 of all americans use computers more than @NUM1 @CAPS2 a day for all sorts of diffrent reasons. I think mainiy computers were invented to make reason easier but now adays all we use them for is social networking. My second biggest point as to why computers do not benifit our is because over the past @NUM2 years the obesity rate has gone up by @PERCENT3 and due to what cause? eating un healthy food and sitting in front of your computers all day not exersiing. I am almost @PERCENT2 sure that if people stoped using computers that our world would be a healthier place. dont you feel bad for those people who are stuck being ovwrsized for there whole life because of these habits? I @CAPS5 most people would feel bad. My last reason is that we have this ahmazing planet that no one seems to enjoy anymore becaus they use up all there time on computers if only people got out every once and a while they would relize they have been wasting where time. there been a recent study that says @PERCENT4 of people are inside doing nothing all day! thats more than half!! I hope this will change somtim soon because computers hace only created a nusence to people and now it seems like no one has any type of a life.. computers hace spread to all sorts ofs societys but please let it not take over this friendly town of @CAPS1.",3.4986243
"We all hope that one day our children will not pick up a book or a magazine their not suppose to read. Children don't know any better. But why should we have to have movies, books and etc censored, cause their little children every where. If i had the right to keep the books and etc on the shelf i would.      I think that we should be able to have books that are uncensored on the shelfs. If everything was censored we would really have nothing to read or to watch. Having everything censored thats just not fair to the world. Everyone should be able to watch what ever they want with out it having to be censored. If people favorite movies or music was censored it probably wouldnt be that funny to them anymore, they'll most likely just stop watching it.     I don't believe that they should have a censorship in libraries. Certain materials in like cd's songs do come off little offensive sometimes, but that's just life. If you think it's offensive then just don't listen to it. That doesnt mean that they have to take it off the shelf. Maybe other people like that kind of music or etc. That doesnt mean they have a right just to take it off cause of that. If they did that's just really unfair.     Children now days see more and know more what they are not suppose to know, for an example cursing. If a child happen to see cursing in a magazine at the library and their parents got mad that was in the magazine. The parent shouldnt really be mad and take that offensive, and think that not suppose to be in their. The library shouldn't have to censor thing's cause of that incident. The children will hear it or see it again soon or later.      I would keep the right for the libraires to have things uncensored, if i had the decision. Those are some ideas why i think they shouldnt have to censor movies, music etc in the library.",3.2360215
"Computers are an incredibly important part of many peoples lifestyles. They can give us wonderful facts and news that would otherwise be hard to obtain. Computers also allow people an easy way to communicate with friends and family without using a phone. Lastly computers are an incredibly useful tool for writing. One of the most beneficial parts of computers is that you can find out whats happening anywhere in the world. For instance, I could do a search engine on recent disaters and find hundreds of articles on @CAPS1 and other recent news. However you could also find out interesting facts like how many have chosen to sail around the world in the past ten years. But this is just one of the many uses a computer has. Critics @MONTH1 think that the use of computers interferes with spending time with your friends and family. But computers can actually do the opposite. There are many websites that allow you to talk safely to people. Some of those websites are facebook and chatme.com. Did you know that you can even video chat with people. It's just like youre right there with you. Incredibly, unlike calling people and using a phone using these websites is free and open to anyone. This brings me to the last point. Computers are great writing tools. They allow you to write efficiently and neatly. Also, programs liek microsoft word allow you to spell check your work. However one of the most usefull qualitus of a program like word is that it allows you to change your work and add sentences or words wherever you want. Its you can see computers are a usefull and beneficial part of society. They allow people to easily stay informed on world news. Secondly computers allow easy and safe communication between people and lastly they are usefull for writing papers such as writing prompts. I hope that by reading this, you can now see some of the many uses of computers.",3.533835
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I strongly sudjest that people should spend more time away from the computer. Instead they should be doing more exercise, doing more outdoor activity's, and most importantly spending more time with family and friend's. I think the best way to get everyone to agree with me is to write a passage to explain why I think that people should spend more time away from the computer. The most important reason why people should stop wasteing time on the computer is so that they could get more exercise. Getting more exercise could help you out in a big way because the less exercise you get means the less healthier you are. More exercise could also be helpful because you could have health preventing you from getting deabetes, and a lot of people get diabetes from body in shape. My last reason why I say that getting more exercise is good for you is because, if you get more exercise then you would not have to worry about all of the deseas and problem's when you are in your elder ages. Another way you could spend your time instead of staying on the computer is by doing outdor activity's. Outdoor activitys could be really good for you because if you are not used to going outside and playing a nice game of football with you friends than it would be very fun for you. I remember one time when I first started going outside I had so much fun. My last reason why I say that more people should spend time doing more outdoor activitys is because of nature. It would be really good for you to go on a walk in a nice @DATE1 day to feel the breeze and smell all the nice scents. My last reason why I say that you should spend more time off of the computer is so that you could spend more time with your family. Spending time with family is way more important then going on the computer with friends. I remember one time when my cousin and I were at his house and we really did not know each other but I got to spend more time with him and now we know a lot about each other. My last reason why I say that you should spend more time with your family is because you could learn a lot about you family. So now you know the three reason's why I say you could be doing more thing's instead of spending time on the computer which are exerciseing, doing outside activity's, and spending time with your family.",3.4585238
"I believe that if you hear or read something offensive they should stay for many reasons. I feel everyone should know the history of the world, whch means rascitism or being offended. I feel if you are reading a book or listening to music and you hear something offensive to you , just turn it off.  You aren't being force to listen or read it, its your choice.      Libraries should keep the materials cause the people of the world should know how it feels to be offended. I certainly don't like the feeling of being offended, but its something people go through life with. There @MONTH1 be people out there that probably disargree's with me, its just my oponion. You @MONTH1 go to the certain libraries in the world that doesn't allow certain people in because of their oponions on the selection of materials the library offers.     I once heard a woman at a library talking about how she went to the police about someone writing offensive things towards her religion on the internet @CAPS1 happen to the person but, its the fact that she went to the police. She could have handle the sitiutation herself, by just comforting the person about it. I feel that the mintue she started to read it, she should have turned away or got off the website. It was her decision to keep reading it. I don't see why she should go to the police, if it was just the person's oponion.      Libraries should keep the materials cause maybe someone wants to know the meaning of being offensive or being offend. Libraries shouldn't have to hide this topic from anybody. People are offensive because they were rasied or just born that way. Some people just have to deal with these people. They might not like it or @MONTH1 do somethings towards them in there lifetime but, they have to live with them.     In the end, either if they want to or not libraries should keep certain materials out even if they are offensive towards people. Libraries shouldn't just change there ways for certain people that don't like the materials. They are plenty people of the world that want to learn more on the topic. These people shouldn't be stopped by the ones who don't like the topic. Its just apart of life",3.403665
"Dear @CAPS1 of my local news paper: @CAPS2 you believe this garbage that the so called expert are saying about computers? I sure hope you don't! They are saying that computers are health risks because to many people are on them and not exercising, well if you risk me the users should know when to stop. And well when it comes to interacting with family the parents should set limits. Also computers are very convient, if you need information on a topic right away. So there far I think computers are not the one's at, in this perdevment. Exercising is somthing a perosn should have the ambition to do. @MONTH1 people don't have this they spend their day on the computer. they claim its not their faut. the computer is a you to play it. I read just last week that someone actolly told her press they it is not fault her over weight. Thats ! So the only person at full. for not getting the the gamer. As us family interaction goes, all up to the parents the use the parents are in control over they child and if they are that their kid doesn't spend enough time. The operator should have the will power to know when enough is enough and lay down the and set limits!. If we didn't have computers at home it would be a. Kids relie on computer them quick, accurate information. With not them the parents should their child to and from the library, and the time. And lets not forget the internet easy. So in conclusion computers are the way to go they are not the cause or however luck of exrcising at fault. Its not the computers fault familys. And they are just so convenit so clearly computer are good to have! I truly hope by the letter you agree with my oppinion.",3.261995
"Hello @ORGANIZATION1, I am writing to talk about censorship in libraries. In libraries they have tons of materials that have language and images that are offensive. i have a broad view on this subject. My view is just that if the censor stuff in a library, the should censor tv.     I have deaf parents, so we always have the captions on in our house. Everyday I see bad language thats inot censored. I also have seen images that are not censored. The youth of this time mostly watch tv than use the library. So why not censor tv. I see things on tv that i wont see in a library.     In my conclusion i would like to say i dont believe that libraries should censor their materials because the studdent will still find out. There are plenty of other places that are worse. Like crimes scenes, cime scens have blood and gore and a library would just have language. These are my views ancd yours could be differnt.",2.8383005
"Reading is something people choose to do for their own entertainment, for their enjoyment,  to gain personal knowledge and many other reasons. Reading should not be restricted by any means. If a person has an interest in a book, they should be able to read it if they so choose. I believe that censorship within a library is not something that should be done.     For a person to be able to take away another persons right to read a book of his or her choice, is mind boggling. I know that some books can be pretty desciptive and graphic but these boundaries sould be set within a home. If a parent doesn't want their child reading a book don't take in out on the entire community. It's not fair to everyone else.     If you personally don't find entertainment or enjoyment out of a book that you consider offensive, there are many other alternative books to read. Nobody is forcing you to be miserable and read a book you don't like, that is why there are many sections in a library. The sections in a library range from mystery to romance, so find a different book and leave the offensive ones to people who like to read them. That way you are happy and so is everyone else.     Libraries are places people visit to check out and read books. Usually a person chooses a book because of the cover or a friend has requested you to read it. If libraries start to remove books from the shelves then there won't be any left for the rest of us to read. Not only will there be no more books but there also won't be anymore libraries for people to go to.     Just because a few people think that there are some offensive words, scenes and or other ideas in a book doesn't mean that it is right to take away the privilidge of another person to read it. If you have a problem with it, don't read it. It's that simple. Don't make other book readers suffer because of one persons opinion.",3.6886952
"@ORGANIZATION1, The use of computer per family has increased greatly in the past @NUM1 years. In that same time people are getting fatter and they need more exercise. If you use the computer it might break or not work properly. Computers are a big waste in time and a bigger waste in money. In the past @NUM1 years many people @MONTH1 have gained a lot of weight. They do not do regular activities like going to the supermarket because you can shop online. Studies show that if you go to the supermarket or a store you are likely to be less fat then if you shop on line. Another reason why computers dont give you exerise is because of google. If you wanted to see a picture of a beautiful mountain you could just go to google and type it in. It is a much easier way to see sights but if you walk you could burn up to @NUM3 times as much calories then if you just look it up on google. Another reason why computers dont give you exercise is you can get addicted to a game. Lets say that you have basketball practice at @NUM1:00pm. If you go on the computer at @NUM5 then you could easily get addicted to a game and forget you have practice. You would be stuck on your computer mindlessly typeing a way on a computer game that doesnt help you anywere in life. When you dont go to practice you will not sweat and therefore gain extra weight. Scients say that if you actully play a sport you can lose weight by up to @PERCENT1 then if you didnt. Before there computers life was simpole, no student forgot there homework. But now they use there computer many things can go wrong. First the printer can break. @CAPS1 year my printer stoped working @NUM1 times so I could not do my homework. My teacher said that forgetting my homework affectde my grade by over @PERCENT2. Another reason why handwriting is more convienet is you are capable of doing writing during school @CAPS1 year with my teacher @PERSON1 i had to write a prompt. She told me to go to the computer lab and type it but all the computers were taken. When I got down stairs she told me I had to write it so I got a @NUM7 because she could not read what I wrote. Every other kid got a @NUM8 or above but since I was not use to writing it affected my grade. Another reason why computers are inconvienet is when you need to do research. My parent got rid of our books a wile ago because of computers. So one day when I was home alone I had to reasearch euthonzing dogs on the computer but there was a power outage. I could not do my @ORGANIZATION1 events for science so I got a @NUM9 on it. That grade brought my adverage down form an a+ to an a-. The only reason why I got a bad grade because I depended on the computer for reasearch and it let me down. If I had better hand writing I would have gotten a better grade. The final reason why computers do not benifit society is because they are a waste of money. Most computers caust up to @MONEY1 for the computer and installing. There is no need for them because everything computers have a library can give. The library has books so you can reasearch with books insted of computers. In my house all @NUM7 people in my family has a computer but @NUM11 of the computers are used once a week. They are extreamly expensive and there is no need for them. Also my dad works at a computer store and he says that the computer people are overcharging by @PERCENT3. With that extra @MONEY2 you could buy many books and magisnes insted of a computer. That is why computers are not useful. People are not getting exercise, so the gain @PERCENT1 more weight. It is much less convienent then writing by hand. Finally they are a major waste of money. The decads without computers were much more useful and everyone lived happpier.",4.0641384
"Dear @CAPS1, I belive that people are spending to much time one computors. I belive this and I have @CAPS7 reasons why. @CAPS2 first reason is that people waste money on it. Also every thing they get from the computer you get from book. And finaly @CAPS2 reason is because of the ""@CAPS8 crises."" @CAPS2 first reason for say that people spend to much time on the computer is that people waste two much money on it. I belive this because of your electric bill and and @CAPS3 bill. The people who have computer electric bill is always very high and for reason they are forced to pay @NUM1 or more dollars on electricity. This is also true becuse of the constant charging of laptops or running of computors. Also they have to pay @NUM2 and odd dollars on the @CAPS3 bill to keep the @CAPS3 connection. So that bocome a total of @NUM3 and odd dollars going down the dawn. @CAPS2 second reason for this is that anything and every thing you can get on the @CAPS3 you can get from books. I belive this because where do you think the website makers get there info from. Reading books also increase your knoledge so that at any time you can quickly come up with an answer. Another reason is that some website are not always accurate with their information. @CAPS2 third and final reason for this is that we are all dealing with this ""@CAPS8 crisis."" @CAPS7 people every day are getting less and less active because of computers. This I cause less people to be phisicaly active and less fit. And the @LOCATION1 is suffering because of it. Less and less people are joining the army because of this crises and computor are sadly con triputing to the world wide crisis. I eagerly hope that @CAPS2 letter hase helped you see @CAPS2 point of view on this subject. To show that people spend to much time on there computer because its a waste of money, anything you can get from a computor you can get from book, and because of the ""@CAPS8 crisis"".",3.4226046
"Today in our day and age we have books, music, movies, and magazines that say or show materials that young children and teens should not be seeing at their ages. I am writting your newspaper company to tell you that I think the censorship should be implied more in libraries. Their should be something like a warning label on the magazines, movies, music, etc. that the parent has to sign before that says, '@CAPS1 child can see or hear the materials being displayed.'      In this centry we have @ORGANIZATION1 and @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 shows showing violience, sexual content, alcohol, and drugs. Its almost impossible to keep all children away from these things, but we should at least try to. There are shows on @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS2 now showing teenage pregnencys, and they are pursading the viewers that its okay to have children without being married, or even in a relationship with the person. @ORGANIZATION1 shows are now showing things like stealing in stores and the actor or actress getting away with the prize with no conserquence. Also they have violence and uneeded langauge.      I know from @CAPS1 own experience watching @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS1 dad has came into @CAPS1 room, and told me to turn it off. That they shouldn't be allowed to do somethings they are showing the viewers. I know when I am married and have children I will keep @CAPS1 kids away from certain materials as long as I can until they are old enough to understand, and know the right thing to do in the situation. Some of the language they use such as 'retard' I find offensive.      In @CAPS1 opition the censorship in libraries and in households have really declined. Some parents have no idea what their child might be watching behind closed doors. A good parent would make sure that the materials their child is watching is appropraite for there age.      Even books have sexual contact, and language. When I have children I will make sure that they are reading materials that fit them. Magazines these days are even worse. The call the @CAPS7 '@CAPS6 @CAPS7' for a reason, and young teens are picking it up off the shelves at conveniate stores and are reading it. Most music you hear on the radio has some sort of offensive words, refuring to sexual activity, or they are singing about drinking or drugs. Parents need to get more involved in their childrens life, and what they are reading or seeing. I am not saying that all materials need to be removed from the shelves, because some movies or reading materials send off great messages to kids and teens. I am just concerned about some things people can get so easily without any censoring.   I hope you read this essay and really take it into concerderation. I hope to hear back from you soon. Thank you for your time",3.8734603
"Living in todays society there are many diffrent people and many diffrent outlooks on things, the world is a diverse place that should have no restrictions. There are an uncountable number of diffrent ways people look at the world and ways that people percieve things. To tell someone what they should and should not know is simple minded in the aspect that anyone can percieve a book, music, movie, or magazine diffrently.     @CAPS3 quote by Katherine Paterson,in short, metophorically uses a book and a shelf to let the reader comprehend the importance of information that is passed down from generation to generation. The book represents the information in the world and the shelf stands for the the place the imformation is stored for one to go seek information.     To remove the book off the shelf indefinatly is to close the mind of a future generation. It was once said ' you can not know your present without knowing your future.' @CAPS1 the book @MONTH1 offend one reader it could also inspire another as well. Everyone has a diffrent opinion and life style. @CAPS1 @CAPS2 people are granted with better lifestyles than others, @CAPS2 are unfortunatly living everyday in struggle.      One book that @MONTH1 offend a person who thinks the book is harsh and should be taken off the shelf, could also inspire a young child going through struggle's to overcome there surroundings and be a better person.      I have read many books that did not interest me and passed them on to my sibligs and friends. Shockingly the book interested them. After interviewing my siblings and friend over the book it turns out that they got a diffrent message from the book than I. No one thinks the same thoughts a hundred percent of the time.      '@CAPS2 @MONTH1 argue that the glass is half empty while others argue it is half full.' @CAPS3 quote is a perfect example of the minds of the world today. Ultimatly if everyone thought the same then everyone would be the same person. To 'leave no books left on the shelf for any of us' is like programing a robot to only do what you say.      In such a diverse community it is impossible to remove any book off the shelf. Living in todays society there many diffrent people and many diffrent outlooks on things, the world is a diverse place that should have no restrictions",3.6496983
"Computers are a nice item to have but they are bad if you don't know how to control your time. Many people @CAPS3 days dont get enough exercise and the lack of healthy people is costing the @CAPS1 tax payers millions. Also, people aren't enjoying life as much as they would if they didn't use a computers all of the time and thier are many people who have completely cut themselves off frfom their families and friends. I am positive that when you are done reading this you will be, one hundred percent pursuaded that the effects computers have on people are bad. To begin with, many people spend to much time on a computer instead of being outside or execising. This effect on people is something we need to start controlling because many people are very overweight and do not exercise enough to be healthy. Because so many are at an weight it is costing tax payers millions. For example, @CAPS2 @PERSON1 talking about healthcare, and anc easy sollution to cut the cost down is to have people exercise. More ofen in order to stay healthy. As technology to affect our lives, we used to remember that being healthy is more important than sitting on a computer all day. In addition to people not people dont enjoy life as much, You only live once and life is special, so why sitting all day? I many anymore because they spend all of there @CAPS3 are so many things to do in life that will bring you enjoyment than playing on the a computers. need to be and I can tell you that you life will not being you in enjoyable luife. Lastly, computers have made a lot of people when people got to Too many people a major view when it comes to family and friends. Although computers are an easy way to communicate to people, they should not be the anly thing you use to talk to friends and family. So as you can see, computers are causing us to lead on-healthy lives because our priorities on health are why to low. They also keep you from enjoying life, to the fullest and can separate you from friends and family when not controlled. I am positive that I have pursuaded you not to spend so much time on a computer. So next time you are using a computers, think of all the things you are missing out in life!",3.6786723
"What are we hiding from? Is personal expression really that bad? Questions such as these come to mind when the topic of censorship in libraries arises. In my own personal opinion I believe forbidding works of art from libraries is the same as destroying the people @CAPS1 created them. Censorship in general is a way to hide reality and sugar coat the struggles within life itself. One can not learn unless given the oppurtunity to face the problems in society and the world. By banning certain pieces, the world destroys an opportunity to expand the knowledge of every individual.      With the removal of materials such as books and music, libraries ruin the time spent and heart that the creators have placed trustfully within them. Although most people use these materials strictly for entertainment, the writers and musicians created them for self expression and to show their pain and struggles. It could even be said that expression such as this is theraputic for these specific individuals. How would you react if your form of art was dibbed unsuitable for a public audience? Would you be hurt and taken back? Many artists probably feel that they are being placed in a state of seclusion and hatred. With the creation of art there is always a deeper meaning behind them. The biggest question in my eyes is, ' @CAPS1 deems that material as unsuitable for libraries'? What can be so wrong with specific material that we must take it away from everyone? At the pace our world is going today their will be no individualism left within the next fifty years. If people are not even allowed to listen to specific types of music, sooner or later people won't be able to wear certain types of clothes or even dye their hair a different color. The human population's greatest gift is their ability to be different. If our society cannot even handle freedom of expression through art, how can it handle any other type?     Libraries are created as a place to expand knowledge. If materials are censored how can anyone learn? Every individual has their own way of thinking and interpreting subjects. A book seen as entertainment and down-time reading to one person @MONTH1 be the very thing that strikes a world changing idea in the mind of another. A human's greatest idea comes strictly from the knowledge they have accumulated throughout their life time and off of their interests. If certain forms of art are censored individuals will never be able to find that form of interest in certain subjects. Everyone will strictly be forced to believe and learn the same things, restricting the world from the magical ideas one man could have formed with the information obtained from the art that had been censored. In a discussion based class I previously took, we read an article discussing the @ORGANIZATION1's decision to ban any information related to the loss of the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and the terrible things their society had done in their attempt of complete succesion from the @LOCATION1. Through ideas such as this, you are not only taking knowledge, but also implanting lies into the heads of the next generation. In that specific situation in the @ORGANIZATION1 it created a hatred and false sense of the @CAPS4 in the childrens' eyes. How can one specifically influence the beliefs of a child @CAPS1 is only @NUM1 or @NUM2 years old based off of their personal selfish beliefs? Through censorship we are destroying the truth and knowledge that each individual deserves if they are determined to find it.      The biggest thing about censorship is the cover up of reality. Do libraries think if they do not publically display a controlversial topic no one will know about it? Knowledge is all around us. No one needs a book to tell you our world is not perfect. For all we know, a book censored could have saved millions of lives. I cannot fully grasp the concept in my head of hiding materials from the public. There will soon come a time where expression at all will be censored. If we are getting rid of art should we remove people too? I can relate censoring books to censoring people based on my own personal experience. A teacher once told me that I would not ever achieve my career, because I had piercings. Opinions such as these could kill a person's dreams. I have known that I wanted to be a lawyer since I was seven years old and have been working to better my education based on my goals. How can you tell someone that they are not good enough based on your specific beliefs? There will always be something in the world you do not like. Each library @MONTH1 decided to censor a different type of art from their individual location. Eventually the world will have no art left, because those few people chose that it was not suitable for everyone. I can almost guarentee that most individuals have lived through worse experiences than what are being covered up. The world cannot be sugar coated or portrayed as perfect, because that is not lfe. Everyone will struggle at some point and its works of art that really get us through it. Sometimes we relate to them or in my case art such as music is what makes me feel better when I am hurt. The pain will always be there. Going through reality and the struggles is what makes each individual @CAPS1 they are. Censorship in libraries will not hide anything from the public, it will just destroy an oppurtunity to grow.     Censorship in libraries is what will destroy our world. No individual can say that material is not suited for the public, because they are not the public. Every person poses their own opinions on life. By banning these works of art you are banning individuality as a whole. If things like this continue our planet will become mindless zombies will no personal opinions. Libraries will be taking knowledge from everyone and ruin the chances for greatness for many people. There is no true way to hide reality from the world. Let people display their feelings through their art and share it with the world. The struggles of one person @MONTH1 be what saves another and allows the ideals of the world as a whole to grow",4.549548
"I think they souldnt be pulled off the shelves because everyone has different opions . one person @MONTH1 think a book is offensive but the next @MONTH1 not. Some people @MONTH1 think any books with god or jesus in the are offensive but that @MONTH1 just be because it is not there religion. If every person took off a book that they thought was offensive  there would be no books left. Because people think differently. Or some @MONTH1 not like the @PERSON1 books because of the violence and goryness but to some people those are there favorite books, so that would be unfair to the ones who like the books that others dont. There are many books out there that not everybodys gonna like the difference is how you think and what you think is right and wrong",2.410668
"I think that if u feel like they are sayin bad thing that you should not read the books or magazines and dont lisen to the music and dont look at the moves.          If you feel offensive about it just dont look at it because a porson might not find it offensive.It is port of life to look at something offensive so why do it now. I think that if they do that they might just take some @CAPS1.Vs shows off the air becuas there are a lot off shows out there that are offensive and some do not like that but they dont take it off the air so why take books music, movies, and magazines off the shelves.    i dont believe that they should do that at all becuas if i dont like it i dont look at it so i dont get mad at something somebody say bout my believe.    A porson might not like the same music u like i might not like the same music he or she likes but i dont wont to take it off the shelves they should just stop lookin and lisning to all this stuff a porson says about there believe.",1.9622467
"There are a ton of books out in the world that have a deep meaning and a sense of compasion. But, other books can have mean or hateful affects on the person who is reading it. Censorship, taking books, movies, magazine, etc. off the shelves so a person cannot read or watch them, is a very positive thing.       In many cases censorship is a great thing. It protects young readers from being exposed to hateful things at such a young age. In libraires, the librarian should censor the books for younger people so they do not read the awful and hurtful things the book is saying.      Like books, music, movies, and magazines should be censored, too. Some music has a very catchy beat to it and could get stuck in a young persons head. This @MONTH1 cause an effect on that child and they @MONTH1 start to act like that or want to become like the person the song is describing.      Movies should also be censored. When I was little, my parents did a good job of censoring things that were bad for me to watch at that age. I barly had any nightmares because I was never exposed to that kind of writing when I was a child. On the other hand, my friend's parents were not the best at censorship and allowed her to watch or read whatever she wanted. She had many of nightmares from the movies or books that she read.      Now since I am older my parents are starting to let me watch and read more censored things. In my experiences with this type of material, I have had some nightmares and have personly been offened by some books. Although, censored books @MONTH1 have a great story behind them, the material that supports it can cause a dispute between different people who have different beliefs.      Thousands of books are censored each year. Many of them have to do with different religions or races that people  have different opinions on. Libraries need to censor books to protect the iniscent minds of young childern",3.7109299
"Billions of books float from shelf to shelf each day: fictional and nonfictional, horror and comedy. Writers reside in every part of the world composing works from complex life experiences to simple dreams. Being an author, who has the right to freedom of speech, story plots become to have endless combinations. Every reader seeks out a different style.          Libraries contain books that tower to the ceilings, any kind, every kind. Books are divided into their individual sections according to truth, kind and cover, each category holding about four options. The necessity for censorship should never be an option. Writers compose for all sorts of people. For some to say what's 'right' or 'wrong' is not a legitamate reason for a piece of work to be removed from a shelf. If, perhaps, more books had ratings such as movies do, an @CAPS1 @NUM1 cubicle could be created instead of allowing young people to have access to such vulgarity. Taking away the enjoyment for some readers, however, is unethical.          Whether pertaining to books, music, magazines, etc., censorship is unnecessary. Those who compose the entertainment should not have to worry about the content of their expression and/or interpretation. If the worry is concerning youth, parental guidance should be in affect. Resulting in cancellation can affect those who relate to the source so it's important to consider all options. To each, its own.",3.6484413
"Dear, @CAPS1 I am writting this article on computers to inferm you my oppinun on computers positive and negotive efects. The reason why computers are so succsesful is beacuse of some of the great imformation they. Such as directions to a place until you are going to or home imformation on a subject or a pearson. Althoug these all sound good any one can post imformation on the internet so some imformation misnt not all be accrate. Some reasons why the computer is bud is beacuse of signs wich are not safe and can give your pearsonal imformation to a and comeing back to bud you in the future. Also webite or pop up icon are not suttebul for younger kids and exposeing them to to mature for them. Lastly talking on the computer is apart of our everyday lives such as emails almost every american whita computer here. A email, this is a great to relie or. Also the new sorse of web witch giving you the ability to see peaple and into the computers wich is raipidly growing in the @LOCATION1 @CAPS2 all in this article this you my point of veiw on computers.",2.7019794
"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 people think that computers educate people for the future but I think that they actually harm children and adults as well. First of all, kids are so wraped up in computer games that they never go out and exercise. Second, if you ask a child anything about nature they will probably not know what to say, but they would if they spent less time on the computer. Finally, many families today never see each other because kids and their parents are too busy on the computer. These three reasons show why computers don't benefit society. Obesity is a huge problem among the children in @LOCATION1. The reason for this is that they are spending too much time online and not outdoors and exercising. Kids are not getting any fresh air or exercise and this can lead to serious health conditions. Parents sometimes don't do anything about it because they they have the same problem. This just shows that computers and other technology are effecting families around the country by making them overweight and. @CAPS1 children don't know the first thing about nature and. People say that computers educate people about things but nature and the environments is a big of our lives. The best learn about it and help. Computers the time they are, the earth might become even worse so they need to get educated on nature and the environment so they can. I know from my own experience that computers take away time from your friends and family. Instead of playing games on the computer at home, you could be spending time with your family in the park or the pool. My dad always spend his time on the computer and we never had time to spend with him. When he realized this he rearanged his schedual so we could have more time together. It is very important to spend time with your family because they are such a big part of your life and less of computer will help families do that. As you can see, getting off the computer will help kids stay in shape and healthy, educate them on the enviornment, and help families interact with each other more. If getting off the computer changed my families lifestyle then it will do the same to others as well. Hopefully you agree with me because it will surely tak a positive affect. ",3.6707916
"I think we need our computers. If we dont have competer's we wont be able to connect to our family that could live in anther state or country. I no how there is texting now but some people dont even have phones or nothing how can you connect to them you cant call it might not be free with the phone palan you have. If a family member coms and visits you they would probuly email you about it but if there is no computers they can't tell when there coming. Are they gong do show unispectly they might not even be home and if they show up without them knowing there out of luck. And we exersize on our overtime we pick what time and we do it and if we play a sport were enjoying nature some people might have job's that take place outside of if. There are nerd's that are on computers all day long but in sure they enjoy nature I dont know about exersizing but they have a car and every thing they drive and things. Also, about the exersizing every on has to exersize to stay in shape im pretty sure people dont want to be fat there whole life they want to look good and feel good about there self. If it is a holiday or something and people want to send them something to wish then of whetever holiday it is. There not gonna be able to see them in person if they live so far away inless they plan to meet each other but even if they do that there gonna want to email then not call were it costs money and texting only comes with sertain plan's of phones so all there is left is emailing. Sometimes, people will more fron of you that your ollways on the computer if your not dont worry at least you get to email your family that you dont ever seen. These reasons are my opinion that dont get rid of computers and other things.",2.991561
"We all enjoy having the freedom to read, listen, and watch what we like. How would you feel if that freedom was taken away from you?  Some people believe that censored books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from libraries. I believe you should have the right to read, listen, and watch whatever you choose, but children should talk to their parents about it first if it is a censored material.      We all know that not everything is okay for certain age groups to read, see, or listen to. That does not mean that the item should be removed completely though. Instead, the child should talk to a parent about the censored item. The parent can decide if the child is mature enough for the item. Also, if those materials are removed from libraries completely, someone that is mature enough to be reading, listening, or seeing it will not have a chance to.      I remember when I was in middle school, I really wanted to read @PERSON1 novels that I saw at the library. My mother believed that I should not read those novels at that age. My mother and I worked out a compromise that I could read @PERSON1 novels that she approved of. She said when I was older, I could read any of @PERSON1's novels that I wanted. I found this compromise to be very fair. I knew that when I was old enough to read those novels, they would still be there on the shelf waiting for me.     We should have the right to read, listen, and watch what we enjoy, but younger children or other age groups should be monitored. That does not mean we need to completely remove those materials from libraries though. When those children are old enough to read, watch, or listen to those materials, they should be able to go to the library, knowing it will be there on the shelf waiting for them.",3.7425075
"Books are important in the life of human beings wheather they are for studies,entertainment, or any other use. On the other hand, are some books offensive to readers. If certain books are offensive should you stay away from that type of book or get rid of the book altogether. With this being said, Should certain material be removed from shelves if they are offensive? Some reasons against this are you are taught to stay away from bad things, some people have different views of 'bad', and even if they are offensive they do not need to be removed.     Some materials are offensive to some people but not to others. This is the case in anything for example movies, books, and daily life. Some people @MONTH1 think the type of words used in a book make it bad, but to others that is what makes the book. For example to show the full amount of hatred for a character you have to use some offensive words. Another example is describing how horrible a person was killed, it is not enough to say he got stabbed and beat, you have to describe just how brutal it was to please some readers.       Another reason why books should not be removed is people are taught when to tell that something is offensive. If a reader discovers a book is offensive they should know to stop reading not finish the book then complain about offensive material. Also if a person rents a movie they know they aren't allowed to get an @CAPS1-rated movie then they should get another movie. People should know to not get a book read about the offensive stuff without stopping then go complain. If a person was concerned about a certain material they could ask people or go online to see if it is offensive or not.     Even if a certain material is offensive it should not be removed. That is only the opinion of sombody. If the book was needed by somebody they would not be able to get it because it was removed. If material were removed because someone said it was offensive then ther would never be any more books. For the reason that anyone can be offended, so they might just say it was worse than it actually was because they are mad.      For those reasons materials should not be removed. What if everybody started saying things were offensive ther would not be any more books. People should not have the complete say in the removal of books. Otherwise people would complain just out of spite towards certain people's material. So do you believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.",3.7833226
"In my opinion having computer is good to have. Therefore I think having computers are a good thing because nowadays computers are very useful. Also a lot of people are using the for there businesses. My there reasons are to look up information, home work, and to talk to friends and family online. My first reason is to look up information on the computer. If you have thred reports to do it will best to use a computer to look up the information because it will be easier and faster to do. For an example using the internent will be faster then looking for it in a book. For that it will take at least @NUM1 to @NUM2 minutes for the interenant if you were to lookingit in a book it can take at least @NUM3 to @NUM4 minutes. My second reason is to you could talk to your friends and family online like if one of your relatives live long distance like in @LOCATION2 then you can talk to them on your telephone or cellphone because the bill will outragouse. Or if you talk to your friends online so can ask them a question on homework or whats the homework? Like if you have a that to like @LOCATION1 you can to online and you can talk to them. My third reason is that you can even do your homework on the computer. If you have history you can go on a website for an online book instead of bringing a book to school and back to home. Also it will be easier for that you would not have to worry about bringing your history book with to home. For the example it will take less time using the interneat the using a book it will take like @NUM5 to @NUM2 minutes using the computer then using the book for @NUM5 to @NUM8 minutes. In my conclusion using a computer is very useful and very important nowadays. My three reasons are to look up information, homework and talking online to friends and family. Even though people don't like computers or don't like to use them.",3.4423347
"Banned books.'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf. But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf - that work that I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else. And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'                                                         Katherine Paterson                                                          Author     I believe and will stand by katherine's statement above. Who @CAPS5 to say if a book @CAPS5 offinsive? People have a right to their oppinion, but i do not think any one has the right to take books away from a @CAPS1 library.      @CAPS1 library, the facts are in the name. It @CAPS5 a @CAPS1 library, where people can go and find a book to pass time, a book to use on an @CAPS2 assignment, or a book to read to their child. Taking a book off the shelves just because it offendid someone does not makes sense to me. A person can pick up a book, be offended and complian about it, that @CAPS5 freedom of speech. I do not see fault in that. But when a person picks up a book, @CAPS5 offendid,and demand that the book per se @CAPS5 taken off the shelves of a @CAPS1 library. That @CAPS5 when i have issues seeing where they think they have the right.     Katherine Paterson said in her text that 'If i have the right to remove that book from the shelf- that work i abhor- then you aslo have exactly the same right and so does everyone else. And then we have no books left on the shelve for any of us.' @CAPS3't that a scary thought? If a person was offended by a book they could take it off the shelve at his or her own will? I fear the out come of that. I am sure that a person could figure out something offensive about any book.      Taking books off the shelve @CAPS5 taking knowledge away from the people. We as @CAPS4 have the right to read at our pleasure, any book that we have the slighest whim to read, and be able to read that book with out prosecution from a people that find the book in question 'offensive.'     The day we let people take books off the shelves because they offend them, @CAPS5 the day our first admendment fails. As a nation we need to stand stron againts banning books from @CAPS1 libraries. For our generation and for the many generations to follow.",3.718352
"As a teenager I am trying to grow and find my way in life and find ways to express myself. I do not believe that certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines ect.. should be censored in libraries. Everyone has their own opinion on things such as the music we listen to or the books we read. I do believe that younger children like middle schoolers/preschoolers should be censored from violent songs and movies, but for highschoolers and older I think that it should be our choice. I think that if the libraries really believe that a book or magazine is truely offensice they shouldn't allow them to be published. Not everyone is going to like every book or every type of music that is out there. We should be able to get the books that we like from libraries. Like Katherine Paterson said ' And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.' If libraries are able to remove books music ect.. because they believe they are offensive there would be no books left for us to read or songs for us to listen to.I believe that highschoolers and older should be able do decide for themselves what kind of books they read or music they listen to. If you dont like a certain type of music dont listen to it, if you dont like the way a book is written, dont read it. No one is making you to read or listen to something that you dont want to. Books that @MONTH1 be offensive to some @MONTH1 be eye oppening to another. In books we learn about war and things that I fing gruesome and unnessisary, but sometimes it is a fact of life and the things we might find offensive in books are usually things that are happening in real life.I do believe that younger children should be censored form books and music that might be offensive, because they are not big enought to know what is right or wrong, and they dont know what to do with violent information in books about war and music with cussing. In conclusion, I believe that libraries should only censor books that are found offensice to parents with younger children and in younger sections of libraries.",3.45221
"@ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion computers can be entertaining and educational, but should not replace everyday living. Therefore I think that computers harm people and effect them in ways they do not realize. Three reasons that support my decision are the difference between reality and fantacy, family and friends, and your health. Many children and young adults are vulnerable to the assumtion that everything you see on the computer is true. Well, as some find out it is everything but that. The addictive games and electronic features lead you to believe that the people or @CAPS1 @CAPS2 you see are real life situations and activities. Computers are showing kids the wrong mind frame they need to be in. It affects school work and how they behave. They need to be in the right state of mind and get back to reality. Your family and friends have always been there for you. By your side even through your worst. Unfourtunetly, this addiction to the computer has brought you farther away from them. They are not happy with the way you treat them. They want a change so you can enjoy life again. Interact with a human being, not some graphic designed computer picture. That's all it is anyway, and that picture isn't going to be there for you. Your family and friends last longer than that. Your body is special and your health is important. A computer @MONTH1 suggest exercise but you are not going to really do it. You know that and the people who make computer sites know that. Your going to stay there and burn your eyes out from looking at a screen all day. It is not healthy for you or anyone else. Moving you fingers and pushing buttons is not exercise. Your already sitting anyway, so you are not doing anything helpful to yourself. You need to go outside and breathe in air and be in nature. Run around or play a bill game, but not on the computer. In conclusion, you can see how a computer can effect a person. Not only do they mistake fantacy and reality as the same thing, but you lose interaction with your friends and loved ones. Your health is also at risk when you spend hours staring and not moving anything but maybe two fingers. Please consider the risks and believe the facts because honestly, we are losing the chance to live and enjoy the world.",3.8421657
"I personally dont think there should be any censorship in books coming into a @CAPS1. I think its wrong to do so, because any book should be read know matter what is said in it. Anyone who has a problem with something should just not read it and leave it alone.      Now ive not really seen anything that i'd fine offensive, but ive read somethings with words i was sort of was suprised to see. But nothing that i found offensive personally. Books are there for their own purpose, and thats another reason why authors put them out there for the public to think what they want of it.",2.2862577
"To whom it @MONTH1 concern,     Censorship is an issue that has plagued our society for centuries. It is not only unnecessary, but unconstitutional. As @CAPS1, we have certain @ORGANIZATION1 that we are guarenteed by the documents that keep our society out of anarchy. If the right to pick what liturature to read, watch, or listen to is taken away, where will that put our country? Censorship should by no means be allowed in our country today.     In the @CAPS2, the @CAPS3, and the @ORGANIZATION1, we are given certain @ORGANIZATION1. Some of these @ORGANIZATION1, including freedom of speech and freedom of the press, have already been contricted, which is 'wrong' in the eyes of the government, but nevertheless, it is taking place. We @MONTH1 not have 'lost' these @ORGANIZATION1, but they have definitely been constricted. Why should the government be able to tell us what to read? If censorship is allowed, what is to come is frightening. If our government, which is supposed to be 'for the people' tells us what we can read and not read, what is going to stop them from telling us what to wear, drink, or even eat?     Censorship in libraries is one of our biggest issues. There are countless examples on why censorship of written liturature should not be allowed. For instance, if a college student is writting a research paper about the effects of rape on a child, but the government sees rape as 'too graphic', what is this student to do? He or she should be given the right to use what materials are necessary to write a fully-informed paper. But by censoring our libraries, and taking books out, the government is hindering the education of it's countries youth.     Some @CAPS4 classics are also being speculated against. The @CAPS5 of @PERSON2 has been known as a classic since it was written. It is used in classrooms everywhere around the country for education. But recently, the availability of the book has been questioned. Throughout the novel, the 'n-word' is used, but never as an insult. During the time-period of its writing, this word was more common, and had a much less severe meaning than it does in modern day societies. But because time has changed it's meaning, it is being removed from libraries and curriculums across the country. This is unlawful censorship. One of the greatest books of our time, an @CAPS4 classic, is being removed from the lives of our youth because of 'racy language'.     Censorship is not only taking place in written liturature. Movies and music are also under the magnifying glass of censorship. Movies are rated for a reason, to give the viewers an age group for which the movie is appropriate. This is helpful to parents to be able to self-censor their children. But it is not up the the government to be able to choose what a specific child is able to view. It is a parents right to be able to expose or not expose their child to whatever they see fit, not that of our country's lawmakers.     Music is one of the biggest part of our society today. With the invention of iPods and @NUM1 devices, music has become much more common, and portable. Censorship is becoming more severe with the change of music style. The music styles of modern teenagers greatly differs from that of their grandparents. Almost nothing is seen as unacceptable by many of today's rappers, as displayed in their choice of lyrics. The music business is taking quite a beating for what has become the most popular. With the most common themes of sex, drugs, and money, it @MONTH1 seem offensive to some citizens, but others @MONTH1 just shrug it off as a normalcy. So how can someone say 'No, you @MONTH1 not listen to that,'? This should not be allowed, yet it is.     How can one person, or a group of people decide what is acceptable and what is not? They cannot. Censorship is morally wrong, as well as lawfully wrong. Taking the media from its citizens, such as books, movies, and music, is unconstitutional. What would our forefathers think of what censorship has become? Before you pull that 'unacceptable' book off the shelf, remember the @ORGANIZATION1 of our great countries citizens, and the @ORGANIZATION1 of individuals like yourself.                                                                 Sincerely,                                             @PERSON1",4.4092245
"Dear @CAPS1-republican, @CAPS2 do benifit society in a positive way, but they also have a negative affect. Computers allow people to chat/voice chat/video chat with family members in other countries that would be very expensive or impossible over the phone. They also provide learning experiences with many resources at your finger tips. One posotive affect of computers is that they allow you to connect with people around the world. Programs like skype and allow you to video/voice/ chat to people around the world at no cost. Doing such the phone would be very expensive. It gives you the opportunity to see family members you rarely see. Another positive effect of using computers is the resource and information provides too you. The internet has just about every piece of information possible. Doing a research paper go to wikipedia and topics you'l find information. The internet can prove to be helpful. The @CAPS2 offers you many good mind/puzzle games that you could not ordinarily do. There are alot ;of good things on the internet. Many things that help get your mind flowing. Cant afford the newspaper? Read articles and stories right on the internet. The last reason I believe @CAPS2 have a positive affect on people is because it replace. Many people, instead of going to the @CAPS3 will go to the @CAPS2. No matter what are you doing, you are usually doing more on the @CAPS2 than on the @ORGANIZATION1. That is why I think computers make a posotive affect on people. Computers are sure to be our future. You can play games, voice/video chat and even read the newspaper.",3.4352815
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, A resent concern has built up among experts that computers @MONTH1 have negitive affects on the society. I do not agree with this. Computers ease life, teach you about faraway places and people, and finaly you can chat with others. I belive computers can only benifit a society. As previously mentioned, computers ease the hassels of life. With computers you are able to plan your life with @CAPS1 output. This program ables you to enter data on places you have to go and reminds you when time is done to that event. With this program you will never forget where you have to go. Also, with the computer you are able to gather information at extreamly high speeds. Supose you are doing a research project in school on types of cars, you just enter cars on @ORGANIZATION3 and get millions of results. this save much time than going on the librery and finding a book. This can take up to on how . Finally, with a couputer handy there are programs for special needs people to wright. New programs such as @ORGANIZATION2 word have a special function called voice commands. This lets a person who can not wright because of blindness or a disability speek to the computer what he or she wants to wright. In an istant it will pop up on the screen. Computer ease peples' lifes jarasticly. Besides esing lifes, computers teach you about far away places and people. pictures on a computer give one a first hand acount of how a far away place is like. Insead of just reading about it you can see it. Acording to time magazine if a person sees a place they will learn more by @PERCENT1 than reading an encyclopedia. As well as pictures, blogs give people an idea of how a person lives in a regular day in that place and how they feel about it. This is another first hand acount of the place. Finally, ebooks on the internet give you a large amount of information. Ebooks are books but in an internet format. These books inclued encyclopedias that give statistics and, pores, and events that are in the far of place. For example if you are planning a trip you can learn where to eat and where to get entertained. you can learn about far of places and people in them with computers. Lastly, with computers you can talk to people around the world. you can talk to friends. Have you ever moved and wanted to talk to a friend from where you previously lived? Now you can esily do so with video chat. Not ownly can you talk to someone you can see them. i remember @NUM1 years ago when I moved to @LOCATION1, I mised my friends in @LOCATION2 so i video chted them. As well as talking to friends, one can have a bussness meating around the world with out having to traval out of your town. For example if a company wanted to make a trading agreement with another company in @LOCATION3 they could do so with a click of a mouse. This will save time and money of travaling. Also you can talk to others online to get a feel of what happened. For example @CAPS2 a few weeks ago, video chated many people in @LOCATION4 to undersand now bad conditions were after earth quake. You can talk to people with ease with an computer availible. In conclusion, I believe computer are benifical to a society. They ease life, teach people about far away places and the people who live there, and alow people to talk to others. Computers open doors in the world. Computers help the society a great deal.",4.2320185
"Yes, I believe that computers benefits society because you can talk to other people, it helps you learn and lastly compoters are apart of todays technology. First of all, computers have really progressed from the old type writer we used to have. Computers have helped todays life for a few different reasons. With computers, they help us learn or find things we didnt know. For example, if you have a project due on the @LOCATION1, then most likley you're probably not going to know much about it. If you go to the internet then you can find tons of things about it like who and what needs the @ORGANIZATION1 for water, how long the @LOCATION1 is, where its located or anything else abot it. Also, another reason why computers help us learn is that, say your going to a new job interview and you have no idea where it is or how even to get there. If you type in the adress and the internet will give you directions. Even if you dont know when your favorite to show is on tonight just type that in and the answer will be right in front of you. Secondly, why I believe that computers do benefits society is you can talk to other people from across the state, country, or world, or even just down the street. Facebook and @CAPS1 are very helpful as well, because one of my best friends moved away in second grade. Just before about christmas i found her on facebook and now we talk and catch up because we havent seen each other in years, @CAPS2 alone tak to her. Another reason why is that if someones mon or dad is away at war or oversea's then the kids and parents could talk to them by using email, skype, yahoo instant messenger, with the webcam or the telephone just @CAPS2 alone just typing back and fourth. You could also just use it for a job buisness to talk to your co-worker or one of your workers on webcam to see things are going with profit, stores, etc. Lastly, why I think computers actually do help us is technollogy has come a long way. For example if you had to type something up you would of have to used a type writer and those things are hard to use. Today you just have to go onto @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and type it out. @CAPS3 @CAPS4 also has spell check, you could email it to someone, or even change the font, color, size of the font and much more. Another reason why is with iphones or i touches now you dont have to be at home you could take out either one and just use the internet for whatever you want to. To find an app, find how long the @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 is, or even just to order a pizza but technollogy has come a long way. So this is why I agree with that computers help benefit our society because you can talk to other people, it helps you learn new things you didnt knew before and finally computers have changed a lot and they are apart of our technology. ",4.0440617
"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1... scroll... @CAPS1. ""@CAPS2 you know that only the male coqui is the only coqui that sings?"" Some facts are easily found on the interneat? The computers make researching easier just imagine not having to drag home those gigantic books home or having to constantly find information in them. First, the computer teach as hand-eye coordination. Second, we can learn about faraway places. Finally, we can make friends from all over the world. When, the ball goes right out of the parts! the plastic object with a screen(computers) teach us hand-eye coordination. It teachs us this by making our eyes stay on the screen, twhile our hand are on the hard, smooth keyboard. Children need hand-eye coordination for ball-playing sports like baseball, basketball, soccer and more. When your in high school and play sports well, you @MONTH1 get scholar-ships to go to college. College is important because it has a big role in our life so we @MONTH1 earn great jobs. Learning about faraway place like @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2 and so on is very intersting. Unless, your learning about it throught looks, which are dull and borring. The interneat has taken over our and it is resentlessly and without hesitation. The internet takes less time than going to the libary and getting back. Also, skimming throught paragraph after paragraph on the computer is much simple.",3.3689785
"I believe that certain books, music, movies, magazines, etc. shouldn't be removed from the shelves. I say this because, what @MONTH1 be offensive to one person @MONTH1 not come close to being offensive to another. There are many different types of books, movies and even some music that have some history to it, it @MONTH1 be offensive, but to some certain race or culture it's history.          What @MONTH1 be historical or even informational to one person it will be offensive to the other and vice versa. If everybody had a chance to go into the biggest library made and take something that @MONTH1 be offensive to them down I think that the library would have little to no books in it. Katherine said, 'And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.' meaning if parents or teenagers took 'offensive' material off the shelf that there will be nothing else left.          A lot of things are offensive because of religion beliefs, but not everybody has the same religion or even a religion at all. Just like religion shouldn't be taught in public schools, censoring shouldn't be allowed in public libraries. If censoring did happen in public libraries, I'm sure there will be protests and possibly riots over this censoring.            People said that @PERSON2 was a bad man, well if we take books and movies off the shelves showing what he did, I believe history will be more likely to repeat itself. A lot of things have been bad in history that we read about today, like gangs, if we don't read about the wrong they do or see the movies to show how it would be like if you were a gang member would there be an increase in gang activity and members? this is why I believc we shouldn't take books, magazines, movies, etc. off of the shelves",3.5976558
"Dear newspaper, I've read your article about peoples opinion on the affects of computers. I believe that having computers are a very good thing. With them we can talk to others from far away, and fast. You can learn a lot too. It also teaches hand-eye coordination. My first reason why they are good is because you ran talk to others. Without computers it would be almost impossible to meet people from far away and talk to them so easily. They even have webcams so you can see each other. You can use @CAPS1, @CAPS2, webcams, or even a simple comment on facebook or myspace. @CAPS2 or webcams are the quichest and maybe even coolest way. Secondly you can learn Computers have so many websites that give out alot of information and resent too. It's muchn easier to get on the internet and type something in then look threw a bunch of books.The internet has dictionaries, news stations, weather, history and where you can find things. With all that you dont even need books. They even have maps and you can print out directions. My final reason is because it teaches hand-eye coordination. When you first start using computers your normally pretty young, and sometimes you don't always type the fastest. Computers have become so advanced that there are even touch-screen and wireless mases. So when you first start you normaly look down to see what your writing, later, adults want you to look at the screen when that becames easy you know that your hand-eye coordination has grown alot better then when you stated. In conclusion I think that computers are a good part of everyday life and that there not bad. They are an easy communication between people, help you learn, and teach good and fast hand-eye coordination in kids.",3.3472924
"Katherine Paterson, a well-known author, presents an idea with which I strongly agree.  She states, 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf. But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf--that work I abhor--then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else.  And then we have no books left on the shelf left for any of us.'  If everyone has the right to remove certain books that they find inappropriate, there @MONTH1 not be anything left for people to read.     Although it is a good thing for parents to have a voice and stand up for what they believe, books should not be banned.  Many people have different views on what is right and wrong.  Some @MONTH1 suggest that a certain book is obscene, while others @MONTH1 be offended by a different book.  If every parent had the right to get a book banned, there @MONTH1 come a time when no books meet the approval of the parent.     Some of these books present great learning opportunities to students.  Books often allow students to think in different, new ways.  They can learn from a new point of view.  Often times, a student can look at his or her own morals and values, which is a good thing.  If a teacher finds a book which they think is appropriate, parents should respect the decision of this teacher.  They @MONTH1 suggest another reading, or offer other ideas, but to go as far as getting the book completely removed is not right.     While removing books for reading @MONTH1 be going to far, things such as movies could go the other direction.  Personally, my parents would be horrified to see grotesque, inappropriate movies set out in broad daylight where everyone can look at them.  I think that this difference between books and movies is a simple thing: Books do not normally have an inappropriate cover, while bad movies often do.  Because of this, even the people who do not wish to view the movie are often forced to see images which they find disturbing.  If one was to walk past a book they did not intend to read, they do not have to be apalled at the cover as they pass.     Although parents care about the things their children read, books should not be banned.  Although other things @MONTH1 have affects on youth, books are a different story.  They allow one's self to dive deep into thought, to make observations, and to form opinions.  They are a key to growing, learning, and discovering.",4.3383923
"Censorship is the idea of blocking or removing things that are  offensive to peoples belief's, their religion, their race and just their ways of life. Therefore, i do not belive that books in libraries should be censored. I understand that things that people write can be offensive to yourself or others, but what if you found a book that was descriminating someone elses belief's but not yours. Would that still be okay with you to take those book off of the shelves?Also, taking books out of a library is not going to stop kids from learning about things that are not age approprite. If you do not want your child learning about them do not let them get it. You censor what your child reads and do not punish the people who go into the library and need the book.           There would be no more libraries if people really wanted to start taking books off the shelf for being offensive. Some people in this world would just take the matter too far and get offended by everything. The things that people will read in books or magazines and see in movies is nothing compared to what they will see in the real world. So if anything, the books that @MONTH1 be offensive to people only show you that you will not like everything that someone writes or says.           As far as movies, they are already rated on a decent scale. If it is not age approprite, then do not watch it, or let your children. The same applys for video games and music. Censor them from your children, and do not get them censored from the whole world.      That is my opinion about censoring things from libraries. Just because you do not agree with every little thing that someone writes, does not mean that someone else in the world does not. Out of all the things that need to be censored the library is not one of them. Of all the places, taking things off of the library  shelves is not going to do justice of what really needs to be done",3.6671863
"Computers and modern technology are advancing quickly, and more and more people are beginning to use them. Some people say that computers are a bad influence on @LOCATION1. I think other wise. I think computers are an amazing breakthrough in modern science. I believe computers are ideal for school work and comunicating with others, as long as they are used in moderation. Computers make school projects so simple I don't know if we could do without. Our social studies teacher @PERSON1 says that @PERCENT1 of his projects involve something on the computer. The internet is a great place to research for big papers and projects. With over thirty-million educational and informational websites, its easy to locate what you need quickly and easily. Once you have finished researching it is easy to type your report. If it isn't a written report, then there are many other programs for fancy presentations. Take microsoft @CAPS1 for example: you can make exotic background and texts, as well as unique animations to emphasize or to make it pop right off the page. Computers are also an ideal way to communicate with friends and family. Emailing is quick and easy to tell others what you want to say. If you want to chat, then you can use @CAPS2 or instant messaging. This allows you to type and sent emails faster. Both of these programs are an inivative way to talk with a family member that isn't home. Like lets say my dad goes on business to @LOCATION2. We can email back and forth every day. And now with @ORGANIZATION1 (a video chat) you can see the person and actually talk to them like they're back at home. Computers have their advantages but they also have disadvantages. Computers are great for communicating and school work, but when used in excess can be unhealthy. Here is one example: my older brother @PERSON2 is a senior in high school. He is in school from @NUM1 to @NUM2:pm and as he gets home he heads straight for his computer. He is on there for at least five hours a night and that leaves time for dinner and not much of anything else including sleep. I think that computers are a great invation in modern technology as long as people limit themselves. Computers are coming out with new features everyday and who know theyll be like...",3.7305079
"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 do @CAPS5 do when @CAPS5 need to write a report? Or talk to a buisness partner, friend, or family? @CAPS3 computers help us do all of that. The eletronic wonder improves are lives everyday. Yet some people refuse to accept computers are now apart of every day life. Computers help us communicate, research different topics, and have just plain fun things to do. Computers make it easy to communicate. Things like ""@CAPS2"" and ""facebook"" let us talk with each other. Some @MONTH1 contest ""@CAPS3, use a phone or go out."" @CAPS1 if they're away on a trip, or live thousands of miles away? With computers everything is easier. Computers allow us to reserch topics @CAPS5 need for classes or work. ""@CAPS5 can get alot of detailed information from thousands of sites. Sceptics might ask the question ""@CAPS6 not go to a library."" Some of us might prefer to stay at home. Another reason is, that it maybe snowy, or the library is closed. @CAPS1 ever the reason, computers make reserch fast and easy. Computers also fulfill a great need to entertain ourselfs. Games sites like ""facebook"" have become very popular. They can provide us with emotional release from the everyday world. A pontential argument might you ""@CAPS6 go outside?"" The weather could for bad and your sick. Computers are fun, education and a communication wonder. should find the good in computers and @CAPS1 they could do for there.",3.3007445
"No because all people like to read different books. Some of the books that people want taken off bookshelves are considered to be part of history.Books help people advance in their reading skills and also help them find new things out. When I was in middle school I always liked to read @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 books. When I asked the librarian if they had any of their books they said no. They thought that kids in middle school shouldn't be reading books with cuss words in them and vilence. I don't think it should matter what kids read because you can't make a kid read something that he's not interested in because everybody is different all people like different types of books. Theres all kinds of books like for example theres mystery books, fiction books, non-fiction books, historical books, etc. The books you use in classrooms are considered books but there not books you read everyday. I think parents should take their kids to the public library to get a book.When I was in elementry and through junior high we had to take reading tests on the computer.In seventh and eighth grade we had to sit around the room and take a book and read it for part of the hour. We also a challenge in middle school to see which school could read the most. That was part of our grade in our english class. It was never a problem for me because i loved to read.Now there are some books that libraries should take off the shelves. For example any book that involves nudity or lots of vilance. Now thats just for kids that are under the age of thirteen. Now there isn't that many of books out there for little kids to read. Theres more adult books than little kids books.All I have to say is that watch what your kids read. Don't keep them from reading books because that will effect them later on in life. If they don't like to read persuade them to try it. I also think that more kids would read if they seen their relatives reading too. Just remember kids and adults of all ages reading is a good thing no matter what you decide to read.",3.3903809
"Dear, The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 people use the internet. Too @CAPS2 which leads to lack or exercise. Others play games online. Some people fear oline chat rooms online. They'nt safe some people get really injured or murdured. Exercise is important @CAPS2 people let that bobby. That is very dangerous because your cholesterol will rise. You will gain wait and that can, lower your self-asteem. Other people comitt suicide because the way they appear and no one wants that. That is sad for everyone plus it's not worth it. Video games oline are very amusing. But people would kill for these games. games are a let alone online . Online chat rooms are very dangerous you never know who your writing to. Millions of people died for saying the wrong stuff. Other been raped or melested by these strangers. Thousands of kid's give out there address and have been robbed. There are wierd, crazy or suicide people in the world. So don't make yourself a traget. I personally I don't agree with computer use of all. So @CAPS2 thing can happen if you do the wrong stuff. So I hope you understand and agree with my reasons.",2.9323492
"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 has come to my attention that there is a massive increase in people using computers in society. @CAPS2 can have its positive effect on people, but too much of @CAPS2 isn't a good thing. This is why I want to tell everyone about negative effects of the computer on people. We all know using computers helps people with all different kinds of things. They can help with business, interacting with family and friends, and you could even just use @CAPS2 for entertainment. Some negative effects that some people don't know, or maybe just ignore, are things like they can keep you from exercising, exploring nature, and you could spend so much time on your computer, that you could get addicted. There should be some way of telling the people that this is happening and is a concern. So I think that we should try to combine what people like to do on computers, with what they should be doing more often, like exercising. Maybe we could tell people that they can use their computers to contact people like friends and family to go out and make plans to exercise and have fun outside so theyre not stuck on the computer all day. We all know that computers can be a good and bad thing. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about places and people in the world, and so much more. They also have bad effects, but that doesn't mean we should take them away from people. And you shouldn't be outside all the time, for the whole day. So I think there should be a limit on how many hours people spend on the computers per day. This way, people get what they want, and they have some time off of @CAPS2, too. Obviously as a result there should be something done about this computer concern. I hope I have persuaded you with my well-thought out thoughts and ideas. And hopefully they will lead you to an idea that will end in a helpful change in society.",3.330568
"@NUM1ed     The censorship of certain media is such a controversial topic. Whether a certain piece of material is considered offensive and should be censored or not is more often opinionated rather than logically opposed, because it really does all come down to someone's opinion on this matter. It is too difficult for most people to step in someone else's shoes or be persuaded from a viewpoint different from their own or even escape pressures from the general public to consider something else. Things get censored for a lot of reasons, too! Sometimes they're just so intentionally offensive that perhaps the author or producer wants it to be censored or would appreciate the controversy, or that a new view or opinion is so radical and against a majority of the population that it is just considered offensive for being so different. Well, when does someone have a right to take a song off the air or pull a book permanently from a shelf?     The first thing that needs to be contemplated is if something is offensive or not. There are extremes to pieces of media where one sometimes must ask, '@CAPS1 were they thinking when they made that?' A movie being so outrageously graphic or violent is a fine example (although the same thing can happen in books, just with words instead of pictures). At the same time though, whether or not something you might think as unnecessary gore in a film might just be @CAPS1 I'm excited to see when I go to the cinema - it's all opinionated!          Another interesting thought is that somebody might come up with a revolutionary, radical scientific theory and write a whole novel or film a documentary explaining it all, but certain groups of people might claim that it is offensive to them. However, we might investigate into that theory ourselves and not be offended in the slightest. This is understandable though, people grow up in an environment that has its own set of ethics and principles, and people will honestly believe them and probably stick with those fundamentals throughout their lifetime. If you go against someone's beliefs that they hold so dear like that, they would of course be offensive to them. Does that mean that the something should be censored just because it offends a couple of groups in a population?     Whether or not something is to be torn from the access of the public is left up to the opinions of the general public themselves. The opinion of the public is created by the current time, trends, ethics, and problems that are going on. When something goes against too many of those things, people get upset. If most people are upset by something, it will probably start disappearing from sight. It's bad for business, and libraries are losing customers already due to most people not having an urge to read anymore with all of the stuff that you can do otherwise. Certain things can just put a bad taste in your mouth, and if someone gets that too often when they go to a library, they probably won't go there anymore.     So when it comes down to censorship in libraries, or anywhere, its just a bunch of opinions. If the general public does not like something, it will stop showing up. Certain books or other pieces of media are asking for the controversy that many subjects bring, while others are just unintentionally going against certain groups of people. People's beliefs are determined by where they grew up and when, and they'll hold on to those things for their lifetime. If something goes against those, people will be offended, and if enough people are upset, it gets taken away",4.1325006
"'And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us'. This quote says it all, if everybody had their say in what is offensive or not then everything would be offensive. Books are often written for the enjoyment of the reader, and if not that books are for informational purposes. Not everybody will have the same views of one book as someone else does, so it would be unfair to not be able to read it because someone else doesn't want you too.     Personally I like to read books that interest me, as i can assume most do everyone else. Generally to keep my attention, I like to read books with a lot of action and an intense plot. I realize that some people would find this offensive and not acceptable for children, but I consider myself a good kid now and I am not negatively affected by those books I read. When I was a kid in @NUM1 grade, I read a book far beyond what most @NUM1 graders read. This book contained many vulgar words and even a racial slur, but I was mature enough to handle them. Just the other year, the librarian, whom I stay in constant contact with, asked me if she should take the book off the shelf. I told her no, with my reason being that I found it to be a very interesting book! I would have been upset to see a great book no longer be accessable because of some vulgar language, because what it comes down to are just words that express heavy emotion.     Many books such as, the dictionary or encyclopedia's are used for informational purposes. These books can also be accessed by children. I myself as a kid have looked through the dictionary looking for 'bad words'. Does that make it jusitifiable to remove? Even the books we read in school today have 'bad words' in them. When I was a freshman in high school, my @CAPS1 teacher talked about how the school board tried to get rid of 'To @CAPS2 A @CAPS3', because it had racial slurs and much racism involved. She was very against getting rid of the book because she found the novel to be a very interesting read for her and her students. Books just can't be taken out of the hands of high schoolers because some uptight adults think it is offensive, when in all reality they teach great morals and lessons for the youth.      If you take a look at politics you can see that not everybody has the same opinion and some can be very vocal about their's. The same idea can go with any topic in the world today. Somebody thinks one way and someone else thinks the complete opposite. This is the issue with taking books off the shelves. One person thinks it is a very offensive book and the other thinks it is a very beneficial book. My personal opinion is that a book is a book and people are going to interperte them differently. So if one book can get taken off the shelves then this will just start a chain reaction until every book is gone. There is no point! If someone shouldn't read that book then they shouldn't be allowed. The answer is as simple as that.     When it comes down to it people are just going to have to get over not having their way, because they want a book removed from the shelf. Most people are offended by something and usually not everybody is offended by the same thing, which makes this issue impossible to deal with. There is only one answer to this question of: Should the library be censored? The answer is no, just let it be. The book was published so there must have been a good reason behind it. In the end of it all a book is just a book",4.1649656
"Do you use a computer? Is there one at your house? Well, the average household owns two computers, but this isn't good, @CAPS2 computers are taking valuable time away from hobbies, nature, and real-life. First, computers take time away from hobbies and friends. Some of my friends spend @NUM1 hours on the computer a day that they could be playing. a sport or hanging out. Also, the computers become the center of their lives. People ask me "" @CAPS1 weren't you online @TIME1?"" and i answer ""@CAPS2 i have a life that doesn't revolve around @CAPS3."" @CAPS4, the computer takes time away from nature. People dont acknowledge the beauty of the outdoor. Now that our lives are so orderly, we need the wilderness even more than @CAPS2 it helps us to appreciate ourselves more and appreciate how special our planet computer take all that away! Third, computers take us away from real-life. Some people dont know how to have a face-to-face conversation, they only know how to communicate by email or @CAPS5. I acknoowledge that getting away from real life can be relaxing but some people dont know which side the stomp goes on a letter. It @MONTH1 old-fashioned, but i believe people put their heart something you can't do by email. In conclusion, computers take time away from real-life, nature and your hobbies. Plus, you can get arthritis in your hands if you type to much.",3.381012
"When you go to library, you @MONTH1 have a lot choice about reading books, watching movies or listening music, and sometimes you might have offensive words or abusive langauge that is not appropriate for you children. Students must the right to remove the book from the library if he or she gets offended, or sometimes if there is a student who has came from a different @CAPS2 and they might get offeneded by the movies or music that are in the library.      Books are most commonly used in the library. In those books, there are some book that are offensive to some student, and if one student find something offensive, he should have the right to remove the book from the library shelve. Many students like fiction books, which are true story but it might have some kind of offensive language or something that the student is feeling racist to him. School or any public library should remove books that contains inappropriate words that are not good for the kids to learn in their life.      Music is also one of the important thing that is carried in any school library or any public library. Most common type of music that you can find in the library is @CAPS1, @CAPS2, or @CAPS3 music. Most of the times those kinds of music might not carry and bad words, racistism or any offensive language, but some of the songs might carry something that is not apporpriate for school use. Those kinds of music must be remove from any school library or any public library.      Movies are also carried in some library, but not every library carries a movie. Some of the movies might have blood scenes, abusive language, which might not be apporpriate for some childrens who are at school. You should check the rating of the movie that you are checking out of the library or if you are watching it at home or any other places. Movies might carry some kind of rasictism in them.     Library is a good source for reading books, listening to music, or watching a movie. While you are reading a book or watching a movie, you might find words which might not be apporpriate for yourself or for students who read those books. These movies, books or music can carry abusive language or something that is rasict to some people who came from a different @CAPS2. Student should have the right to remove something that is not apporpriate in school use, such as, books, music and movies, if they contain something that is not suppose to be in it, you should remove it",3.6833692
"Imagine. A nice sunny day, sitting outside under a tree and reading one of your favorite books. Feeling the wind in your hair and taking in all that is going on in the story. You not only read at home but at school as well. Just think, what if you could not read that book because it was offensive to someone else in your school? How unfair it would to allow nobody to read that book just because of one person. This i could not imagine.     At my school, teachers and other faculty are always encouarging kids my age to read more often. Most teenagers are always busy participating in after school events such as: band, playing a sport, theater, choir, ect. Not many teens are able to just be alone and read a good book, which is why I was so shocked when i heard about this strange news. Should books, magazines, ect., be removed from shelves if they are offensive? I do not think doing that would be a good decsion. Kids should be able to read what they want to read.     As you probably know, not all kids are alike. Some enjoy things that others @MONTH1 not. For example, not all kids like to eat corn. This goes with reading as well. Not all kids like to read romantic or action books. I enjoy reading romantic and mystery novel. Some novels, more than others have a lot more graphic content such as @CAPS1. @CAPS1 has a lot of fighing in it. If a mother did not want her son to be exposed to fighting, should we take all @CAPS1 movies, books, and magazines out of our libraries? Another example would be the @CAPS3 series. Some parents do not want their children reading about vampires and werewolves. Should we not be able to borrow or rent this movies? I do not think so.     Another reason I do not think that we should take out book and magazines in our libraries is, not everyone is offended by the same thing. For example, @ORGANIZATION2. Personally in my family, me and my brother believed in @LOCATION1 for many years. My cousins however, do not teach their children about @ORGANIZATION2. If I brought over @ORGANIZATION1 and read it to their kids and they got offended, should we get rid of @ORGANIZATION1? The answer is no. Some families have a tradition. Just because one family does not want their kids to know about @ORGANIZATION2 does not mean that eveyone should not be able to get the satisfaction of reading or seeing a movie about @ORGANIZATION2.     So the final question is, should certain materials be removed from shelves if they are found offensive? Can one person eliminate more than one book just because it offensive to them? I guess it all depends on your view of the situation. I do not think that offensive novels should be taken of the shelves because: kids should have a choice in what they want to read, not everyone is going to think that the same book if offensive and lastly because if we got rid of all the offensive books; what books would be left to read",4.300908
"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I firmly believe that computers are beneficial to today's society. Not only do computers help us connect with peopl, but think of how efficiant they can be. And you can't neglect the fact that computers offer a profusion of entertainment. So before you say, ""Computers are ruining our society."", please read my reasons why computers are essential. What is the first thing that comes to mind when I you hear 'computers'. Many people think of the chatrooms and @CAPS2's. Those are two examples of how a computer can bring people together. Imagine you doing a report on life in @LOCATION1. However, all you can find are those generic articles in old books. A simple solution is talking online to an actual person who lives in @LOCATION1. Computers can even help connect family members who live long distances from each other. I know that i would be overflowing with bliss if an aunt or uncle contacted me through '@CAPS3' or e-mail. In addition to connecting with people, computers are very efficiant. As students mature, homework is taken seriously. For instance, one of my friends handed in an essay and our teacher did not accept it. Her penmenship was not legible. Typing homework is an easy alternative to handing in messy, unsophisticated work. The efficiency of a computer is also recognized when trying to accomplish seemingly simple tasks. Just imagine how often you'd get lost without your directions from. Or how much you'd mess up if you didn't print out a recipe for dinner. Most importantly, computers are the virtual gateway to all sorts of entertainment. Whether you like playing computer games or even if shopping for the best deal is you game; a computer will suit you. There are. Thousand of website to visit and even more games just waiting to be played. A computer is anyone's passport to leisure and enjoyments. So you make the choice. Is a computer going to benefit society, or will they have catastrophic results. I urge you to remember; computer are a way to connect with people and they are efficiant. Most of all, remember how much you can achieve with a computer.",4.0382576
"In libraries, there should not be censorship on materials considering that it's an individual's decision to read what they prefer. There is no appropriate standard on what makes a book offensive to a group, so it should be undetermined as to what makes a book offensive.      In a public library, many children, who the books are censored for, are with their parents. Parents should make an independent choice on what they can allow their children to read. Letting society ban a book simply for the use of inappropriate materials is ridiculous. If an author spent time creating a story, it should be appreciated, and should not put on a list of no-nos. If a certain person doesn't like a book's reputation, all they have to do is not read it. Even in school systems, librarians are there to guide kids to read good books. If a child wants to read an inappropriate book, the librarian will most likely discourage him or her not to read it.     In my experience, I wanted to read a book that my mother suggested to me, but as I went to the school library it turned out to be a censored book. Some parents believe children should be ignorant about offensive things written in books, but honestly many of the same ideas are exploited to them everyday on television and internet. So trying to shield your child from the bad things @MONTH1 be a great thing, but the efforts are usually failed attempts. It also never occurs to the people censoring the books, that some people can't afford to buy the books they want to read. The libraries, for some, are the main means for getting books.     To conclude there is very little reason to ban a book from the shelves. Many of the books banned have important lessons that can be obtained through reading it. If a person doesn't like a book, the simplest thing to do is not to pick it up.",4.0067644
"Some people think that offensive books should be off the selves, but some other people think that this should not be allowed.     I do not believe that certain materials (books, movies, and magazines.  If we take evey book off the self then we would not have any book to read.  If we start taking offensive books off the self then every body coming in would be taking @NUM1 books off the self.  Then with in two days there would be not books left.     If we do not have any books then are eyes would be bad. We should not take books off the selves because of some people like to read.  If people do not like the books in the library then they should not go to the library to get books.     This is why people should not take offensice books off the selves. This will make peoples eyes so bad that they would not see good at all.",2.5042193
"Are there universally evil books that no one should read? Are good and bad no longer matters of opinion for the readers themselves? The answer is no. Censorship is a terrible practice masquerading as a boon. The right to read certain books should not be left to a conservative few, because everyone has their own opinion about everything. There is always something we can potentially learn from books, and it's never right to take that away. Freedom of speech should certainly come into play here as well, allowing the authors' words to be heard without interference from those who would dictate what we read.     There is a reason libraries have many sections. They have to cater to the individual tastes of the masses, without regard to what other people find offensive. If one was to go through the library and burn every book they did not like, there would be scarcely anything left. Send in another person with different tastes, and then you have a completely empty library. It is far better to leave all the books alone so that everyone can find something to enjoy reading. Basically, there are bound to be people who have similar opinions to the author of just about anything, so allow the authors to share those opinions.     Then we have the knowledge portion of the issue. Offensive material to one person might be what another person wants or needs to read, whether for recreation or class. There is much to be learned in the way of psychology and human nature from almost any writing. Perhaps a restricted section would be in order if the problem would involve corruption of innocent minds, but a full censor would never be necessary.     Finally, there is an amendment in the @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 for preventing censorship. It is unconstitutional to restrict any form of expressive speech, whether it be books, movies, music, or magazines. And what is more restrictive to an author than to have their books banned? The greatest difference between our country and a totalitarian government is the simple freedom allowed in the @LOCATION1. If we start restricting that freedom, what are we then?     In short, censorship is a harmful practice that should never be used. People all have their own opinions, all media can be learned from, and our freedom should not be restricted. The practice of censorship is what should truly be banned from the shelves.",4.051175
"'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf. But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else. And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.' wrote by Katherine Paterson. If you think about it when you go into a library there is a ton of books to choose from. But how many do you think is appropiate for every age and including children, not very many. That is why they have sections for the books, but there are times people are rude and mix them up on purpose.          How many times have you been in a library and find a misplaced book? Many of times right, that can be accidental or on purpose. I know if I took my child or children to a libraby and they got a book that was inappropiate for them, I would take it to the front desk and complain about that book. Now if it was a book that has been misplaced I would take it from them. But, yes there are some books, magazines, movies, and music that should be removed from the libray.      I remember from when I was a little girl going into the library to check out books with my mom or my dad, it did not matter they both enjoyed taking me to the library. They were pleased that I loved to read but, one day my mom took me to get books from the library, she did not think about looking at the books I got until we got home and she realized on of my books had a cursing word in it. She was not happy at all, I had no clue what she was doing. But I figured it out, she grabbed me by my hand and took me to the car. She fastened me in and off we went, back to the library. She had no problem going off and complaining, I can remember her every word she said it sounded like this. '@CAPS1, my name is @LOCATION2 and this is my daughter @PERSON2 she is six years old. We were just her about an hour ago, but you want to know the funny reason we are back. Well if you can give me a funny reason for why my six year old daughter has a childs book from here with cursing in it. Please speak up and explain I would love to hear it.' The lady at the front desk was stunned she has never had someone go off on her for the seven years she had worked there. But the book is no longer in the @LOCATION1 library, I can not remember the title of this book, I just know that with a mom like mine she can get something done.   Just like Katherine Paterson said, 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf. But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf- that work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else. And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.' I can tell you from experience and observation, you can do and get what ever you want with a little power and persausion. It @MONTH1 cause trouble but just set your mind to it and you can help and solve problems when you do set your mind to it",3.6253393
"Do you think that certain books, music, magazines are sometimes found very offensive? If I had kids I wouldnt want my kids to be around any of these bad things. I think that we should remove all of these bad things from the world to help the kids and childern become better people in the world.      There are a lot of bad people in the world but it is mostly because of all the things that people read and see. When people like great singers sing about drugs and other stuff kids think that it is cool to do drugs so they start to do them and then they cant stop! You want everyone to go to college and be doctors but they cant if they follow things that everyone else does. We need to encourage our children to be great people but we cant with drugs and volience that goes on around them, but we can try to banned the bad books, movies, and music. We need more good things to influence our children. We dont want our chilren to look at magazines and see women that are really tiny and they think that they have to look like that to be popular. If your children what to read and listen to these things then you cant let it influence them. I listen to rap music all the time but i never let it influence me because i want to be successful in my life.     These are all the reasons why be should banned these things from our children. If you want your children to be successful then you will keep your kids away from the volience and drugs. I know what kind of things happen when you dont keep them away. You dont want these things to happen to your kid so keep them away from it.",3.1810782
"People the computer is something good and cool. Why is cool? is cool because the computer help you in everything. I have reasons. The first reasons is when in your school you have homework, work, project or something like that the computer help you a lot. Because in the computer you can sign in internet and you go to google or other web side. The second reason is the computer help you in your house for example: You have the big problem with your car or something like that. You can go in the computer in @LOCATION1 and the you see the pieces of your car. The thrid reason for the computer is so cool is because in this time you can make the everything thing. We can go the web and facilitate our life. Now you can realize the work, homework, project, ideas, writting book, chat, information, print picture, and ect... And that you are architect you can make your proper work or house you see the computer is so cool. But some people use the computer for bad thing for example: for pornography or something bad this is not cool and is not appropiate for people. The computer is something fabolous and super genius. My opinion is that the computer help a lot is something like need in our life. No for live but for our life or something @CAPS1. Something you can see your family for webcam. This is fabolous but don't used the webcam for something bad you can learn thing that you don't know. I think that for this reason you used the computer for good thing. Appraise the computer. Please.",3.1888645
"Libraries are very educational. They provide books, movies, magazines, music, and computers for you to locate something you are looking for. I dont think that libraries include anything offensive. If anyone finds anything that a library has that is offensive to them, then they should talk to someone who works there and see if they can come to a solution. It shouldnt be removed because not everyone @MONTH1 find it offensive.          I've been to many libraries in my life and personally, it's amazing all the books, and things for you do there. I've actually gained alot of knowledge at the libraries i've been to because i found so many books that were just amazing. Never, have i ran into something that was offensive to me or anyone else. Everyone is different though, we have all have a different view on things and we all are unique. If a library does have something that's offensive to everyone then maybe it should be removed but like i said earlier if it's not offensive to everyone then it shouldnt be removed.           I personally, think libraries hold so many unique things that if somethings were offensive to people then i'd understand why everyone would want it to be removed. If someone came up to me and said 'hey, i find this music to be very inappropriate for young children to listen to' i would say, 'well, that @MONTH1 be true, but some children do listen to that music, it wouldnt be fair to remove it, just because one person doesn't like it. Now, from my experience theres alot of things that people find offensive but personally, i think it would be outside of a library",3.352755
"Dear sir, I belive that computers are great for society. There are lots of benefits to having a computer to use. You can talk to people online with instant message, it is a lot more dependable than a telephone or cell phones. Lots of time people don't answer thhe phone when you need them. With a computer you can send a message from the computer to the persons cellular device. You can lern a lot from a computer, suc as things about the world, people around the world, yo can lern things from the internet youre teacher can't even teach you. Then you can study and expand youre knolage. It is a problem if your on the computer more than you exersize but with techology today you can get exersize wile useing a computer. You can play music from it while you workout, of what moivie while running on a tredmill. Even though people go on the computer to much ways to exersize and use the computer at the same time. So there is ups and downs but in the end, it dosen't matter how much you use the computer, you can get exersize at the same time thats why I think it is a benifits to have computers today.",2.9226294
"To whom @CAPS5 @MONTH1 concern at @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 @CAPS5's possible, imagine a world @CAPS7 computers, @CAPS1 drivers are bumping around and having difficulty watching the wheel and the road, phone bills are throughh the roof because of the whole world having no other way of communicating, and students are home worried sick that they don't have a book to study with. Computers affect all of these areas of our lives. They teach hand-eye coordination, allows us to communicate with others dozens of ways, and let students learn and stay up-dated from their very own home. Computers must stay a fundamental part of our every day. To begin, computers must remain in our community because they teach even young children hand-eye coordination. In a recent report the @ORGANIZATION2 states that in the past five years; the number of driving students who pass on their first try has almost doubled. The video games, the computer mice, and even typing the brain at a young age to work in sync with the body's arms, finger and other apend ages, ""@CAPS5's not only on the road where hand-eye counts."" says @PERSON1, head of surgery at @ORGANIZATION1 hospital. ""@CAPS6 finding that younger doctors, ones that grew up on video and computer games, can form robotics surgery with much more presision than our older atendings."" @CAPS7 the coordination we aquire from the computer many jobs @MONTH1 be out of reach, too. When saked, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 managers of local business said they would have someone who could type, over someone who couldn't. So, though you @MONTH1 think computers teach no they can coordination for the rest of a persons life. Secondly, computers should be part of homes because they allow people to communicate with others world. In a @DATE1 poll, only @PERCENT1 of @NUM3 years old had, but a recent poll says that @PERCENT2 now have e-pals. Computer have opened to communicate e-mail, @CAPS8, social networking sites, just to name a few! Parenting @CAPS9 says that parents prefer there teens to e-mail trends or @CAPS8 as aposed to talk on the phone because @CAPS5 quiets the house, the phonelines for others and keeps phone bill low. My friend once only talked online for a month and her parents encourage her because the phone decreased by a third, @CAPS5's clear that even though you @MONTH1 feel that computers take up time that could be spent with others, @CAPS5's actually a way to communicate with people everywhere. Finaly, computers can help students learn. In todays schools, students depend on homework being posted online, and getting their books over the web. Once, my brother didn't take home his book-bag for a week, and got all online. We was greatful for the strain off his back. When asked @PERCENT3 of @NUM4 graders say they use e-books at least twice a week. the internet also is a valuable research tool. @NUM5 out of @NUM2 highschoolers say they use a book for researh less than once a month. As you can see, the internet is a valuable learning tool. In conclusion, computers help as with coordination, communication and education. Computers have nothing but positive effects on people on society as a whole.",4.6457167
"Dier: newspaper I thingk the computers are beneficial and consequencial. Computers are beneficial because thy entertainment, inforormational and super yousfall., I injoy all the cool vidio on youtud while older pepole mite wash the news. You can also send mail, it is most semplr. Then sanding a ordnery envelope. Wating for days or even weeks depnding were you live but wegth e-mail it can get ther in a mater of secons, big deforents right. Pepol who depend on computers can uploud inpotan informashon all the pepol on palands of the poles and army yous the internet on there computers to control speshol equenent like @CAPS1.A.V. for the army or everiday monrting sestoms for a policeofficer. I mayself yous a computer to resrech school slot like math and history but computer all arnt good pepole abyous it. Some pepol can hack in to other computers and steel importen information and make your life misardol it can effact your haus onlin players spend countless howsr playing it can mak you game wat, stend les time weth your frend and fameli thy play so offen ther eight weekends and required glasses, computers my complateley replace newsepaper.",2.533867
"Dear Newspaper, I'm writing to you about the debate that you are having asking if people should use computers. The article stated ""more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society."" I think people should not use computers. Also technolgy needs to slow down, it's getting to advanced. My first reason why people need to stop spending time on computers is, you don't want to always say to your on your honeymoon ""we could to @LOCATION1 from our computer. And your life will go by fast and you want notice it, your all fat and old. Also @PERCENT1 of people who use computers are over weight because they don't exercis. Secondly the more technology there is, we are going to have less. In addition it feels better when you work and not just sit on your computer, getting a mounthly cheak. In conclusion you live a happier life when explore the. In @PERCENT2 of people who use computer commit suicide. Also if it was or to me I would the use of computers. Bead all the about computers and you will think but like me. I use to be a computer geek.",2.9905407
"I think almost every movie might offend someone in some way, So if your wanting to take every movie off the shelf then go ahead. Everyone has different taste in movies, music, books, etc. If the music offends you, don't listen to @CAPS2. If a book does, don't read @CAPS2. Its as simple as that. So I don't think they should remove the books, music, movies, etc. That could offend someone, and here are my reason why;          If you were to remove all the things that might interest the people now a-day, then you wouldn't have anything that entertains the kids instead of them going out and getting in trouble, I believe every person has the right to read, watch, or listen to whatever @CAPS2 is they want to listen to. Also If they find @CAPS2 offensive then they just shouldn't listen that song, watch that movie, or even read the book or magazines. Everyones offended in different ways from another, So we can't help @CAPS2 if @CAPS3 little book, song, etc., offends a person.          I also think if you give a kid the chance to read @CAPS2, and he sees how offensive @CAPS2 might be, @CAPS2 might keep him/her from doing some of the things he might do if he didn't read the book, Also if he watches what movies he wants, he will learn that, @CAPS1 every body is good people. Children read in a wide variety, some read there dr.suess books and other could be reading @PERSON1 '@CAPS2'. Depending on the children they should be able to choose what they read, listen to or watch. The only flaw I find about Children down side to some magazines is the fact almost every magazine has atleast @CAPS3 half naked women, or man in @CAPS2. Children in there @ORGANIZATION1 years through about first year of @ORGANIZATION2 should @CAPS1 have to see that.          My @CAPS4 reason is, people have many different tastes in the materials, so I believe they can read what they want as long as @CAPS2 does @CAPS1 offend them. What there reading should @CAPS1 have any effect on others unless they are reading @CAPS2 also. There are so many people that get offended by the littlest things, but they don't see that its life they will get offended more than a hand full of times in there life.           In conflusion I think that people should be able to read what they want even the books people find offensive. The offensive things Should @CAPS1 be taken off the shelves. I also feel that if children get to read some things that could be offensive then they will understand the fact that life isn't easy and you will end up being offended. Also that @CAPS1 everyone is good people, and things happen that people don't like but its life. Finally I think people should @CAPS1 have to give up reading, listening to, watching or looking at things that @MONTH1 be interesting to them",3.7696507
"I believe that libraries should have more cencorship. Some books, magazines, and movies should be removed or grouped by age. From my own experiences of reading or seeing people read these books, I believe they should be removed because they influence violence, sexual activity, and drug use. Young children should not be exposed to those things yet.     First, I think books that contain violence should be removed. I believe that children are the easiest people to influence. I also believe that violence is the worst thing to be influenced by. Violence in books can influence killing. Fighting and killing is not good. No young child should be able to check out about full of shooting and fighting. The book will make the kids think thats the right thing to do if they are able to check it out. Being influenced by violence will make you commit crimes. Reading a book is not worth going to jail for.     Next, I believe that all sexual activity material should be removed from libraries. Sexual activity should not be exposed to children until it is time for them to start learning about it. For example, a young girl reading about teen pregnacy not being a problem. The reader will think that is what she is suppsed to do which is wrong. Books and magazines containing sexually explicit words should not be able to be viewed by young children. Those thing @MONTH1 influence kids to do things they should not even be thinking about doing. You can atleast sort them all in an adult section.     Finally, drug use should not be issued in books to kids. children should not read or watch anything that are talking about drugs in a positive way. Unless it is about saying no to drugs and not using them, children should not read them at all. Drugs make people do things that their right mind don't want them to do. Children should say no to drugs and to books that are influencing the opposite.     In coclusion, that is why I believe that we need censorship in our libraries. we need censorship because of viloence and drug use. Also becuse of sexual activity and many more things",3.5991092
"I think what ever is offensive should be taken off of the shelf because it is inoproperate. Books do not need to be like that because they are supposed to be fun for you and help you learn, yes you can have a little violence in an action/adventure book to get the mood of the character, setting of the story, and to understand it perhaps.     Offensive books can be okay at times, so if you have a comedy magazine, or book that is making fun of something or someone, it can be taken in a offensive way, or just a joke, and a none offensive way.     To most people they are going to want to take those kinds of books off of the shelf. Offensive books to them, such as parents or maybe even friends, they can teach a child wrong, and that child @MONTH1 not learn the right way. Kids when they are little, their brains are like sponges, so they learn, and remember stuff well at that age. A child getting a hold of a book or being tought something from a book like that will most likley remember it.     I think those kinds of books should be taken off of the shelf because, kids dont need to be reading that kind of stuff when its allready on television, and talked about. They need the edicational books that can teach them, and prepare them for their uppcoming higher grade levels, so then they would have a fresh start on new words or grammer.",2.9252667
"Should books, movies, magazines etc., be removed from shelves if they are found offensive. No, because all you have to do is ignore it or not pay any attention to it and it shouldn't bother you that much. Most people might look at something and think it is interesting like something that happened on the news lately and was published on newspapers or put on the internet. For example, the @LOCATION1 story, that has been on the news for the past week, people think that it is awesome that he is was finally found and killed. If people found that offensive that might be because they don't know what he did or wasn't around when it happened.     If they took down stuff that was offensive then we would have nothing interesting to read. If someone found a movie that was racist the don't get it, just put it back and find something else like a romance or a comedy. Everybody could use a laugh every once and a while. For music if your friend recommends something to you, check it out on the internet first to see if it is any good, if not then tell them no and that you find it offensive. If they were a true friend then they would understand and perhaps make it up to you with something else.      Magazines, from what I know don't really have anything offensive in them. The only thing the have a some pictures, gossip, facts, and some stories that might peak your interest. Books might have something things that you find offensive but, if you like the book so much you might as well finish it. If you found a book that you really like then read through it a bit or check it out on the internet to see what is about. Out of all the books I have read, I have found none of them offensive they were all good books, books that i would probably read again if I wanted to, but I won't, because I'm lazy.      Newspapers are interesting to read and might have little to none offensive remarks in them. Some might pertain to blacks or mexicans, something like that. Well I haven't read any like that yet but, I have heard somethings about it. In the newspapers there might be little comics or gags that would probably be more offensive than anything in the newspapers. I think that if you find something offensive then just ignore it and move on to something else instead  of throwing a fit about it because that wouldn't do well at all.",3.6664965
"Dear @CAPS1 of @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 the world having a network where people can connect, learn and work efficently. This wonderful network is here in our computers. Computers benefit society because they help @CAPS3 connect with far-away places, develop hand-eye coordination and get work done faster. In the days before computers we were isolated in our immediate area. @CAPS2 being stuck in our town unaware of the rest of the world, unable to enjoy the beauty of @LOCATION3 or send help to the starving people in @LOCATION2. @PERCENT1 of money donated to @ORGANIZATION1 an organization that assists in global disasters comes from online. Without the computer how would our willing people help the rest of the world, or even know about the rest of the world? Give our community the ability to reach out to the farthest parts of the globe, give them computers. Computers produce games and activities more intense than you can find anywhere else. Playing baseball simply doesn't require enough focus. The computer's intricate experience helps future engineers or even pilots develop a focus and hand-eye coordination that could save lives. @PERSON1, who trains the @CAPS3 air force weighs in on the effects of computers. ""They have made a great deal of positive impact."" he states. ""@CAPS4 soldiers have excellent eyes for controls and amazing reflexes, making them natural pilots."" @CAPS5't our community have the opportunity to excel as well? The computers we own train @CAPS3 as we use them to have reflexes and hand-eye coordination equal to the best of the military. Computers allow our lives to be just as enjoyable as they are meaningful by getting our work done faster. Before computers @CAPS7 and calculating took @PERCENT2 more time but now they get our work done quickly and without error. @NUM1 year old author @PERSON2 states ""@CAPS4 computer helps me type @CAPS4 writing a lot faster and it is done right more importantly."" @CAPS7 and typing is just more efficent when you are using a computer accountants, students and even the journalists for your own newspaper need the computer to work faster and more efficently. Don't stunt our community's workers, give them what they need computers! Computers are too important and beneficial to lose. Our community benefits from the computers that help @CAPS3 connect with far away places, give @CAPS3 hand-eye coordination and help @CAPS3 work quickly and correctly. So explain in your next article that we need our computers. Computers are necessary in our community and we would be last without them!",4.3659115
Offensive things should be taken off for many reason that will be explained later on. Things in magazines shoud be appropriate for people to see. The first reason why they should be removed from the shelves is it might be offending to someone important like the president of the @ORGANIZATION1 or the @CAPS1 of your state.      If the subjects in the reading material are offensive to someone they should say something to defend themselves. If they don't speak up no one will think to change anything.     What I don't understand is why people would let that ridiculous stuff be put in the magazines and music and movies anyway.Even though movies are kind of different. Movies are mostly just made up ideas that people come up with. So if people are offended it is just pretend to begin with.      Offending things in books well the author probably has a reason for it. It might be something that is offending yet people need to know this in case it has to do with someone you know.For example in the Newspaper I read an article about our current president. @PERSON1 was being question about his birth certificate. People did not believe that he was born in @LOCATION1.      I personally think he was in fact born in the @CAPS2.S . But of course they did see his certificate that proved he was a member so that mess should be dropped and forgotton. It was uncalled for to begin with.     I wonder what was going through his head when someone asked him that question. I'm sure someone would have seen it before he even became president.,3.1034236
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Have you ever thought about people's veiws on certain technolgy? While some people say that others spend too much time on their computers, and are waisting their time, I think computers can help us with many different things. They can help with homework, interacting with people, and even help us with exercising. You'll find that in the end, computers end up as benefits for everyone. For many students, they need computers to help them understand their subjects. There are certain websights that give online lessons. Along with that, they have online books, so if they forget their real ones, they can still do their homework. My math teacher, @PERSON2, is always saying,""@CAPS1 into the online sight."" I've found that it really helps me when I'm struggling with my work. We can also ask our friends with help if we still @CAPS4't understand. That's not all we can do. There are certain sights like @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 where we can interact with other people. You can talk to them when they're out of town and have no cell-phone. You can also tak when the phone is being used and you have something importain to tell them, such as helping them with their homework. When there's no telephone reception between each other, they can still talk over one million people in the @LOCATION1 use these sights. People are wrong when they say it takes their time away from exercising. Many websights give good tips on how to lose weight. The show many dieting plans such as @PERSON3 or @PERSON1. Not only that, but they also have exercise plans. It's not the computer's fault, it's the people who @CAPS4't ""stick"" with exercising. Also, the computer reccomends many great gyms you can join, like @LOCATION2 fitness. @CAPS4't you think that's a good ""deal?"" @CAPS4't listen to those other people stick with my opinion that computers are benefits for everyone. They can help us with many things, above and beyond. I can't imagine life without them. Most everyone uses computers! Thank you for reading.",3.747995
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Computers have a positive impact on people. Although people aren't outside being active, computers still benefit in a good way. Computers teach hand-eye coordination they're convient and you can interact online with diffrent types of people. Surely, computers teach hand-eye coordination. There are many website on the internet that teach kids to type. Typing helps kids learn the alphabet, learn what the letters look like and shows them where the keys are. Also, there are other sites where the computer interacts with you. Last, there are many kids even adults who have disiexing and get their letters jumbled, but there are softwares where when you type it will say what letter you have typed. Therefore computer teach hand-eye coordination. Have you ever been one of those students who write their papers, but get bad grades because their handwriting was messy? Using a computer is more convient and will make your due assignment as neat as ever. First, computer are convient because you have the answer to any question just at the click of button. Next, theres no need to spend money and go buy a book to look up research just research online for free. Finally, it is convinient for teachers and your employees, because if you need to send in a paper do it via-email. Getting a paper by email is much easier than getting it in pen with samples. Computer are convient in many ways. Computers allow people @NUM1 video chat and talk online. First, there are many families who have at least one member who lives in a different place. Computer allow families to see each other online. Without ever leaving their state. Next, there are other families who have a mom, dad, husband or wife in the army and haven't seen each other in person in years, but see each other on line. Lastly, there are many students and teachers who teach and learn online. This is easy for most people who have busy lives. Therefore you can interact online. As you can see computers have a positive effect. They teach hand eye coordination. They supply online chat, and are very convient. So next time you go to the library to research a book, stay at home do the same online.",3.8079062
"The library is known to be a place full of dreams and imagination. For some, the library is a sanction where you can escape reality and dive into a book where anything is possible. the library is full of many books for all ages. Therefore, books that are classified for one age group, @MONTH1 not be appropriate for another age group. This is where a problem occurs. If the library chooses to keep books in it that are only appropriate for certain ages groups, various problems can occur. The three main issues with this situation are young children can access magazines they have no buissness looking at, some articles or books can be found offensive to some races creating an uproar, and also events and instances played out in books @MONTH1 not be appropriate for all age groups.We have to think about books we have read, and contemplate if we would want others to read it as well.     Young children are often daily visitors of the library. Most run aroud the library getting into any and all books or magazines the happent to come across. This is not always good. Int he library there are many magazines that are meant for adult eyes only. My family has had an experiance with this sort of situation before. My mother , brother, and myself visited the library one evening. While my mother and I searched the library chaotically, my younger brother found hisself, searching the magazine rack for something to keep his mind occupied. Well his mission was accomplished. On his search my younger brother had found himself a sports illustrated magazine. Inside there were pictures revealed that my mother was not to happy about my brother seeing. Instances like this happy everyday int he local library. staff members should think to put revealing works up to where the younger generation can not find them.      Throughout the library, there are many books dealing with past historic events. Although many find these books helpful and interesting, some find these books to be quite offensive.ome races have undergone painful events in history. Many of those people do not want to relive the painful past experiances. It is in my opinion that the library should oblige by the people, and take in reference how different people feel about certain books. When i was a young girl in elementary school, I remember doing a whole unit on slavery and the underground railroad. While studing the unit, we were assigned a research assignment over the lesson. I choose to visit the library in search for books I could use to gather more information. While searching the library, I came across a book that my mother and I felt should not of been where younger people could see. the book enclosed many horrible acts against black people. This is a book that at my age, I should of never came across.      For me reading books helps me escape the real world and catch a break. When I relax and enjoy a good book, I can't help but feel like nothing inthe world can touch me. Although I love reading books, I don't like when I come begin reading a book then have to hault because the book reveals events that I shouldn't be reading. One book I read, was definitley not appropriate for me. Although I found the book , in the young adult section, the book I read revealed a young girl encoutering many rapes and beatings. Now that I look back , that is a book that i might enjoy now, @NUM1 years later, but I don't feel i should have encountered that book then.      What books should and shouldn't be encountered in the library is surely a never ending feud. Many believe that books should be taken out if they are not appropriate for all audiences. I think that if the inappropriate books that should not be viewed by all ages, were put away to where the younger audience couldn't get them, then the never ending feud might be able to be put to rest",4.095172
"Do I believe that certain materials should be taken off book sheleves if found offensive? There are many answers to this question and many people have different views to the question. For instance, you have to look at all of the different races, customs, and more of what people believe in to find the true answer. Some materials are very offensive, but should they be taken off the shelves of our very own libraries?     There are thousands of books in a library, and hundreds are written every single year. These books range from romance, action packed, and scary. Now many books are starting to be found offensive to our society today. I have read many books and have not found hardly any book to ever be offensive. There are offensive things in other matierals such as: music, movies, and magazines.      I do recall listening to music, watching movies and reading magazines and not liking what i was doing at all. Some music today is just extremely bad. From the fowl language and missinterpretation of words, music has become worse. Some movies that I have watched are not very well either. Movies can be offensive in many other ways than any other material there is. You got the scary, gorry and the movies with all of the different sex scenes that are made every year. This can teach the younger kids what is wrong and right, as well let them be aware of what life is about.     I do believe that all of these materials should stay on the shelves of our libraries. Learning from books, music, movies, and magazines is good in a way. Knowing that many things in this world today are offensive to people, I think that it can only make our society stronger to help us understand all of the different views that our people have. Yes it can go in bad directions, but there are many ways to get people to understand what is right and what is wrong to push them to stride for the best.      Knowing that materials on our shelves are offensive, I still believe that the right thing to do is to keep them there. Clearly people get mad and upset when reading, listening, or watching these materials, but this is what makes us who we are. There will always be offensive stuff being said written and so on, but the way you can handle it yourself will show everyone around you that it is possible to change their own views of the offensive matter and look at it the better way.",3.7862391
To be honest if I was a librarian I would leave them up on the shelfs accoding to what @MONTH1 state law would have to say. If the state doesn't have any promblems with having them up on the shelfs then all student body will be able to check them out. having magazines shows whats new in the world and what is not. Also just like checking out a book how you have to take a test over it called reading counts. Then you would have to read an article from a page in the magazine and wright an essay over it and submit it to whom ever is in charge of that department.,2.4510264
I think that it is should be left alone the way it is because it put that way for a reason. They might not know the reason so thats why i think it should because the person might get mad if you mess it up just cause you dont like it the way it is because it is offensive to some people. Other reasons is because people are gonna home and watch it online or on tv so how is it gonna make a difference. It is not goiing to make one difference at all.,2.0025613
IN MY OPINION I THINK THAT SOME BOOKS PROBABLY SHOULD BE REMOVED FROM THE SHELVES IF SOME OF THE BOOKS AREW FOUND OFFENSIVE. SOME OF THE MOVIES AND BOOKS PEOPLE FIND OFFENSIVE CAN BE PRETTY BAD AND SAY NASTY THINGS AND STUFF LIKE THAT.      SOME MUSIC CAN BE PRETTY OFFENSIVE TOO BECAUSE IT CAN SAY NASTY THINGS AND THINGS LIKE THAT BUT NOT ALL MUSIC IS BAD.. IT DEPENDS ON THE KIND OF MUSIC YOU LIKE TO LISTEN TO IF IT SAYS NASTY THINGS BECAUSE THERE IS MANY DIFFERENT TYPES OF MUSIC TO LISTEN TOO.,2.3214722
"To: @CAPS1 this letter concerns, Computers are apart of our daily life. You can do many things on them such as play games, watch videos, search the web, and even communicate with people from all over the world. They are very useful for people who go to school bacause you can complete and save work for your classes. Sure maybe some people are addicted to the computer but others use it only when they need to. Computers have a massive affect on some peoples life. Sitting around on the computer all day can be harmful but informative in many ways. One of the informative ways is that you learn new information every time you log on. That is why I think the computer has a great effect on people.",2.5146523
"Many people think that computers are not a good thing. They think people spend to much time on the computer and are getting less exercise. They are also concerned that looking at the screen could be damaging to your eyes. Those statements maybe true. I believe that computers are beneficial. You can talk to people from other places. You could learn about other places in the world. You can also use the computer to research topics. first off, on the computer you can talk to people. Whether it on a webcam or one of those networks to @LOCATION1 and chat with each other. On the computer you can chat and talk with people without having to be on the phone and paying a bill for it. For example, I have family in another country and one way we always talk is on the computer. We talk on webcam and chat. Calling someone from another country on the phone gets really expensive. If I didn't have a computer then I would not have that great of contact with @CAPS2 family from another country. In addition, You can use the computer to look at foreign countries. Many people including @CAPS2 parents have used the computer to look and read into about other countries. @CAPS2 mother, whenever @CAPS1 plans a vacation, looks up the country we are going to and gets more information about it. Like @DATE1 we went to a hot exotic place, @CAPS2 mom looked it up to see what we should pack to go there. If it weren't for the computer we might have packed the wrong items. Lastly, computers are a great source for researching. I can't tell you how many times I have used the computer to research. Books and encyclopedias are great sources but the computer has so much to offer. You have so many links you can go to and sites. You can find pictures, videos, maps, and much more. I have used the computer many times to research, sometimes its a requirement to have a few sites you have gone on to research for your project in school or something. If you have a computer at home you can build up your computer skills for school. Computers are a more positive thing than negative. You can talk to people without the expensive phone bill. You can learn about other places and cultures. Also, you can use it for researching purposes. Computers @CAPS3!",3.7452235
"I would agree because computers do help people with other things like vacations sights, jobs, presents and shoping. So many uses for the computer. But creators of the computer are worried that people are spending to much time on the computer. Mainly its about conserners and users, most of those people complain that their having no time with their family and friends. You never know if the users are looking up vacation trips for both friends and familys. The things that conserners dont get is that the computer can teach you alot of things, history, mathmatics, science experiments and many more. Computers are also used in schools to help students with their work, even teachers use the computer for grades. It is true about people not going outside geting some fresh air or even taking a walk in the park. They cant keep themselfs on the computer for like @NUM1 hours, its just crazy. So i would go with both sides. Its just better to enjoy life then just look up things that you dont really need to. You should only need to go on like paying bills, and furneture for your house. Thats why the computer was invented.",2.7149594
"Should someones work catagorized as 'inappropiate' or 'offensive' be taken off of a shelf and not able to be sold or seen in stores? If you believe so, then do you think it is okay for the campaigners that run for @CAPS1 be able to express their thoughts and opinions on different topics? This is exactly what is being done when someone writes an article or a book that they have published to be distributed into stores or libraries.     When someone writes a book on something, they usually have a lot of interest in whatever topic they are discussing. Just as when @CAPS2 campaigners present themselves to the public and announce what party they will be running for and what their beliefs and disbeliefs are. If it is okay for someone to take a book off of a shelf, or even a magazine because people think the book is 'inappropiate' then maybe we should reconsider what the campaigners say on live @CAPS3.      Even if you were to walk into a store and there be nude magazines on the shelf, or cd's with lyrics that contain cuss words do you feel those should be taken off of shelves as well? There is a time and a place for where things like this should not be displayed. For example, when you go to a little kids store and things like this are being sat out for the kids to see, they will not forget what they saw or heard if referring to music. Kids have a great memory on things that should not be remembered. Like when they read a story and it includes someone robbing a bank, or a song that refers to drinking or doing some form of drug. When kids see or even hear things like this, they are more likely to try things that we would hope little kids would not try.     When someone spends months or even years on writing a story, they hope that they can get it published and be rewarded for their long, hard work. By doing this they try and get it to be published, and put in stores so people can buy it. Whether or not if your talking about music, movies, or books, its all the same. Things should be put out on display and people should be able to see all the different types of music and stories that are available.      If things were going to be taken off of shelves or not put out onto display, people will stop recording music, acting out movies, or even writing ad's and books. When and if this were to happen, people will not become educated with new available data. If there is nobody to write science books, or biography's then nobody will learn about new things. Same with music and movies, if people spend a few months or even a year writing a new album, or coming up with an idea for a movie and they work hard to get it done, they expect to get it out to the public. If its finally out and people have the chance to buy it, they hope it will stay available. If it doesn't and people think the movie is 'inappropiate' then the song writers and actors will more then likely not have the urge to do it all over again.     In conclusion, I think that if someone writes something or records something that has taken them a good amount of work and time that they should be rewarded and allowed to have their item sold. If someone belives that an item is 'inappropiate' then they should keep their comments to themselves, and not have the item taken off display. There are some people out there that enjoy things that are not 'appropiate' and they think its funny. Surely if the write or producer got a book or movie produced they thought it was good, and they believe that people will buy their product. So, if the writer thinks this, surely there is someone out there that feels the same. How are we to know if there is someone out there that agrees, and enjoys the book or movie if it has been taken off of the shelf because someone thought the material was 'inappropiate.'",3.945363
"I am writing this essay to you to tell you. That offensive books,music,movies,magazines,etc., Should not be on our library shelves. Because If are kids pick them up there will be @CAPS1, and crime. Some people mite ask how do I know this well say you see this cd cass that says black mans only cd. And a white boy picks it up well then a black kid sees it and that white boys hand the black guy will try to rip it out of his hand. Therefore starting a fight.",1.675081
"I do not believe that books that are considered offensive should be removed from public libraries. I could understand if it was school libraries that were in question, because of the fact that some of the materials that these extremely explicit books contain is not for a child to be reading. I feel as if these certain materials can be helpful to seeeing other peoples point of views on certain subjects. Though books this material can be called offensive, to certain people this is there culture and how they live.    What would happen if every book that was considered offinsive was actually removed for book shelves? Some of the most interesting books that I have ever picked up have been controversial. The eye-opening world of these books is amazing. The fact that I can read about other peoples life, and their everyday struggle is astounding to me. If we all made a huge decision based off of one persons opinion, then our world would be a mess.     Therefore, if all of these 'offensive' books were to be removed, then what is left to read. I want to read something that is going to grab my attention, and make me want to keep reading. I do not think that i would have that type of experience if these books were removed.",3.435502
"Censorship?  What is it?  Well from what i know cenorship is where you are blocked from certin things that you are not able to ever bring into the place that blocked it.  So the question is it wrong to censor something or not, i think that libraries should be able to censor certins things that people find offensive.  First reason why i think it is right that people should be able to censor things is becuase little childeren could be able to take at peek at what they shouldn't be looking at, when it comes to magazines and also movies.  Next reason why i think labraries should be able to cenor is because people can find centin things offensive just as music, for example like vulgar language can be listened to and aslo also naughty things can be watched in movies.  My last reasoning why i think it is fair that libraries are able censor things is beacuase some people like to read but in thier reading can be bad things that they find offensive and they can always find a way to take an item out from a labrary.  These are reasons why i think they should be able to censor books, music, movies, and also magazines.     My first reasoning in why i think it is fair that libraries are able to censor books, music, movies, and magazines is because little childeren could be able to look at things things they should not be able to take a peek at.  Thses things could be like pronogaphy, and also really grusome things in magazines and in movies.  If these things were in labraries they can possibly show other childeren, inwhich it would not be good.  This can be a problem beacuase parents can put the blame on the libraries by saying that the workers didn't do a good job at watching out for the children.  Also i think think they should be able to censor movies beacuse little childern shouls not be watching gursome movies at a young age.  This can really hurt them and others if they learn and see what is on this movies and magazines.  Also labraries can censor music.      I also think libraries can censor music beacause in music these days there are very bad things that any body can find that is offensive.  Little childern can be listenig to vulgar lyrics that are in the songs and they could be repeating it to other people.   This can be bad in many ways because first of all they might not know what they are saying,  so if one day they say it to an adult, that adult can put the blame on the library owners.  Also they should be able to censor movies again beacuse naughty things can be shown in those movies that certin age levels should not be able to see.  These are ressons why libraries have a right to censor music and movies.   They aslo have right to censor books.      Books in they libraries are great but some books should not be able to be in a library, certin books such as books about faith and other religions.  And also about gursome items.  Some people can find books about religion and faith to be very offensive because some people @MONTH1 not see eye to eye about other religions.  And to minimize this problem libraries can take these books out so peolpe won't find it be offensive.   And also libraries should be censoring certin books about death because it can really get to a person and they can show other people that will find it very offensive.  So this is why i think libraries should be able to censor things.     In conclusion libraries should be able to censor books, music, movies, and magazines, because in some books they can have religion problems and problems with death,  movies beacuse in some movies it can show pronography and gursome things that peopel should not be watching,  and they should be able to censor magazines and music beacuse in magazines childern could be looking at certin things they shouls not be looking at.  And they should be able to censor music beacuse peopel can be offended if they ever listen to vulgar language.  So in other words i do think libraries should be able to censor books, music, movies, and magazines",3.3023496
"'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children have taken off the shelf. But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else. And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.' @CAPS1 quote from @PERSON1 voices a strong point on citizenship. Censorship happens everywhere you are. Whether its a book, a magazine article, or even a tv show things are censored. Censoring things doesn'@CAPS7 make anything more enjoyable, but infact makes less things enjoyable.     I think that things that are offensive should niot be removed from the shelf. Censorship diasble the viewer and or reader to be able to enjoy the full potential of things. I myself watch tv shows all of the time. When the censor things it makes me angry. I already know what the words are so why censor it. @PERSON2 wrote a famous book called @ORGANIZATION1. and that books has been banned from being taught in schools simply because it says a racial term. I have two things to say about it. One if it offends you then you shouldn'@CAPS7 watch or read it. Second one would have to consider the time and age that the book has taken place and that was language used back then. So then one could take in thoght when the book was written, what was the time of when the book had taken place, ect.     There are two books that I read called the @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 @NUM1. Both books have one thing in common. The use of censorship in their society. In @CAPS3 @NUM1 books are censored. @CAPS1 causes one to challenge that concept because he and others felt that it wasn'@CAPS7 fair for books to be banned. Also in the @CAPS2 a boy challenges his @CAPS6 society because they too censored certain things. Censorship also happens in todays' media. Some example are @CAPS7.V shows. TV censors vulgar language, and sometimes violence and gore. Now its understandable to censor childrens shows but shows for mature audiences are unacceptable. Considering the freedom of speech one can express. Also mature shows are only ment for mature people to watch them so why censor them?     Katherine Paterson makes a valid point in her quote. I feel that if you find something to be offensive then don'@CAPS7 read or watch it. If you feel that something is so offensive to you that you have to compell otheras in to believings what you think then you are wrong. People should have the right to read, watch, or listen to anything they want uncensored.",3.8103855
"Have you ever been looking for a book only to find it band from all local stores? Well I haven't had the misfortune of being in that situation, but I could only imagine the sheer distress of wanting but not finding that controversial book. I personally think that a young adult should be able to read any book or news article that they wish to. The fact that a book is found offensive of offputing to most is no reason to completely ban the book from store and library shelves alike, because if there is @CAPS5 one person that could educationaly benefit from reading this book then they should at least have a chance to obtain that information.      One of the most impotant things to remember while considering this topic is that no matter what the source is or what it conveys there will always be someone that feels the book is just to graphic of hits to close to home for them to stand. In other cases however, there are books that are not proper for younger children or the faint of heart, such as the book series 'The @CAPS1 @CAPS2' in which people are thrown into an arena and forced to fight each other for their very lives. Most people who are above the age of twelve can handle almost all of the 'offensive sources' that are atainable by the public, but there are some cases that @CAPS5 adults cannot handle such as the famous  book that @PERSON1 wrote in incarseration called ' @CAPS3 @CAPS4.' @CAPS5 in those extreme cases most adults can the read.      Now that my argument has been said and you know my point of view is that it veries from person to person whether they can handle a book I ask you if feel the same way that I do. My main reason for this conclusion is that if someone thinks a book is too offensive they should simply avoid this book. We do live in @LOCATION1 the land of the free, I think we can a little controversy over a book or magazine. I do hope that in the future we as a nation can overcome these small setbacks that are caused by an over reaction to something offensive. I believe that we will see a day that no book will be band from the shelves, so that our children @MONTH1 gain the knoledge that is contained by thoes fragile pages of paper",3.6523533
"Should materials that some people find offensive be removed from libraries? No I do not think that any materials should be removed from libraries. A librarie should have lots of different kinds of books, magazines, music, and movies.     One reason I think that a librarie should have all sorts of different books is because everybody doesn't like to read the same thing. Like for example some kids could love to read scary and gory books and others could like to read books about sports or love stories. So maybe the kids that read sport books could be offended by all the gory books, but that wouldn't be fair to take them out of the librarie because some kids like to read gory books.     Another reason they shouldn't remove any magazines, books, etc, is because it is nice to get to read or look at different things. People would get bored if their librarie only had books about war. Kids need to learn how to read different kinds of stories. Also if your librarie has all different kinds of magazines kids could learn a lot of interesting facts. You can find a lot of amazing things in a magazine. So if you only had four magazines about the same thing kids wouldn't discover anymore cool facts.     A librarie is a place where kids like to go and enjoy some peace and quiet and look and read different things. So I think if you started taking specific things out of the librarie then I think kids would stop coming to the librarie. A librarie contains awsome infromation that kids could learn, but if you start taking things out then not that many kids will come to the librarie because they will not be learning @CAPS1 new.     So if I had any say in this I would keep all things in the librarie. I would not remove @CAPS1! You want people to come to your librarie so you dont want to do @CAPS1 that can jeperdize people coming to your librarie. I think if you start removing things then your going to have less and less people come in and eventually maybe your librarie will get shut down because you have no buisness. So leave everything on the shelves.",3.2481937
"Do I believe that certain materials , such as books, music, movies,magazines, and so on should be removed? Yes I think that they should all be removed, becuase it could hurt people's feelings, and could make them do plenty of things. Such as suicide, drama, and so on having any of these things at a library could hurt someone's feelings. I really dont think that I would like having racial comments about me in a book so why would anyone else? I think that by removing all these things could make some peoples lifes better.     From exsperince in the library last week, I seen this girl that ran to her mom crying becuase she was african american, and the book said something about thier race. And she was all worried that what happend back in the day with all the slavery would happen again. I would be so terified reading about people that would make fun of my life, call me names, and beat me, that kind of thing would just ruien my day. Now I think that library's would learn to take this certain stuff out of stock.     Now that I have gave you convincing arguments about my choice from my own experience. I think that they should take my advice, and realize that having that kind of stuff is not good for kids,teenagers, or even adults that they should not be reading that stuff. All it does is bring some people down, make them cry, and also so stupid stuff. Now by making the choice to remove all this stuff would be smart, and make things better for everyone",3.0004115
"Libraries contain many helpful and entertaining materials for people of all ages. Some @MONTH1 argue that a library holds documents that are offensive and should not be put on the shelf, but I beg to differ. A library holds many books, magazines, movies, etc. that can advance the knowledge of citizens.      Libraries can, and probably do, contain materials that are guilty of being offensive, but they shouldn't be taken off the shelf because of this. Instead, libraries should be divided into sections based on topics. If a parent doesn't want their child to read a book based on racism, then the parent simply keeps the child out of that section.     How will children learn about what goes on in @LOCATION1 if they are not shown? Children won't know how to cope with the harsh realities of the world unless they are exposed to them early. This doesn't mean that a child should be shown a magazine highlighting @PERSON2's next drug scandal, but showing them that stuff like this does go on and you should not live that way.      Libraries don't contain material that is offensive without a reason. What if a high school student is doing a report on the rise of teen-pregnancy? This student should have no better source for information than a library. The library would be the most trustworthy documentation of facts about this topic.      These books that a library holds are not only there to educate us, but to entertain us as well. If a library removes a biography on the rapper, @ORGANIZATION1, because he has a 'rocky past', they @MONTH1 lose one client who came to the library to be amazed by the struggles that many successful people have overcome to get where they are today.      As Katherine Paterson said, 'And then we have no books on the shelf for any of us.' If a library censors all of the material that goes throught the system, there @MONTH1 not be any books left to entertain ourselves. Therefore, libraries should not monitor what material is put on the shelf.",3.984981
"One @MONTH1 walk into a library, look over at a magzine rack and think, '@CAPS1 is that in the young adult section, the content of that book is not age appropriate?' In many libraries, some books are not censored and catagorized the way they should. In some of the reading material, one might not even realize that some inappropriate things are in it. Supervision of children and young adults are not always looked upon, and some of these people might not even know what they are checking out. Censorship needs to be pushed more in libraries.      In most libraries, the catagories for books are children, young adult, adult books by genere, magazines, and music, but what needs looked upon is what is on the inside covers of those books. Some magazine articles are not appropriate for some teens, even if it does claim to be age appropriate. I remember when I was fourteen, I read a series that was related to colors off the color weel. Each one covered a different topic such as suicide, alcholism, drugs, sex, same sex dating, and jealousy. Looking back on it, I am surprised I was allowed to check them out at the library. A fourteen year old didn't need to read books on such heavy topics.Also, language in books and music maybe unappropriate for children, and @MONTH1 be distasteful and disrespectful for some adults. The catagories need to be catogorized even more, so people further know what they are getting into when checking out a book or magazine.      When a child goes up to check out a book they found, a librarian sometimes doesn't even pay attention to the book they are getting, they simply check it out. Libraries should have a rating system like movies do. Generally people would not let their ten-year-old go to a movie rated @NUM1, @CAPS2 or that is unrated, so @CAPS1 would they let their child get a book holding the same content? If books had a rating system, that ten-year- old would not get their hands on a book rated '@CAPS2' or '@CAPS4' for mature.     In libraries there is not as much supervision as their needs to be. I am aware that libraries are not day-care center and the librarians are not babysitters, but there also needs to be stricter guidelines, because some people are not fully aware of what their children or what they, themselves, are reading. For example, a thirteen-year-old girl wants to check out @CAPS5 magazine, because her best friend's older sister gets it. The girl's mother allows it because it probably won't be too bad and she assumes her daughter wants to look at the pictures of new clothes and trends. What the mother @MONTH1 not realize is in the middle of the magazine contains an article about sex and protection, and that @MONTH1 open a whole new world for the little girl. Even though the mother shouldn't have had let her daughter check out the magazine, if the guidelines were stricter at the library the girl might have never have read that article. Even if librarians had to check or scan a person's library card to make sure they can be in the section or be reading a certain book, it would be protecting many more people then it would be hurting.     If libraries censored books better, then children and teens @MONTH1 not be reading things not age appropriate to them. I'@CAPS4 not saying that books should be removed off the shelf, just maybe put up higher, and be watched over more carefully",4.211232
"Dear, local Newspaper, I hear that you think computers have an effect on people. Will I disagree with what you say. I think computer will help us learn, and do things faster. Haveing computers helps the community learn more. My first, reason I think we should keep computers because it helps people with there hand eyes coordination for jobs. With the skills of typing you can work at places like the city of @LOCATION1 where they type every day and work hard. They also learn more and more facts about the sociatis. Without knowing how to type you @MONTH1 not get any top class jobs. My second, reason telling us that computers are helpful is that it helps your children do better in school by learning how to type for high school, and learning math, sce, social studies and language arts. Computers also helps kids at young age do math and other with their character, like dora, @ORGANIZATION1, elmo, and others. So learning on computer can help you learn and have fun at the same time. Which i know your parents would like. Even new born babys can learn how to read, write and do math and grow up and can be president one day. My third, reason is that it helps send things all over the world. Without computers we would have to do it old fashion style. Also with computers you can talk to family member that live far away from you (In state or country) and you have not see them in a long time. Or you can chat with old school friends from back in the day. You can also buy thing off the computer. In my conclution I told you that computers can not effect people by telling you that your child can do better learning and parents also. I also add that it helps you get jobs and help you with your hand and eye cordination in school and out. So computer help the community.",3.4645357
"I myself beleves that censorship in libraries should not be aloud. If their was to be any cersorship it should be from the parents of a child or if your not a child then you dont need censored. By censoring something as small as books, movies, and so on I think it will give people a fake sense of what really happens. Just because something isent censored doesnt mean it should be taken out of context eather.     Think of it like this if you walking down a street its not going be censor people will say bad words, show bad habits, and even go as far as seeing death or more. Being a kid who really never been censored from anything including books ive learned alot but I feel as if I went to a librarie to get a book and if censored or taken off the shelf then I will shown a fake world. Once again if life cant be censored then we shouldnt consor anything else.     A censored book, movie or whatever it @MONTH1 be could also determin how much someone could learn from it. People go to liraries to learn hard facts with proff and evadience and depending on the subject in witch their looking up.     This is some of meny reasons I think cendor in libraries shouldnt be aloud. Consorship should be chosen by who you are not by outher people. In the end we @MONTH1 never know whats better till we try.",2.6683643
"I believe that libraries should provide any kind of book, magazine, music, and movies to the public, despite if they are found offensive.  First, to support my position, we need to take into consideration that every person is different, and therefore reads and prefers different types of books and magazines.  The same thing applies for watching movies and listening to music.  Second, what @MONTH1 seem 'offensive' to one person @MONTH1 be perfectly fine for another, so the term 'offensive' is ambiguous in this case.  There is no need for an angry public or strikes.  Finally, I believe that the people have a free choice when choosing the types of books and magazines to be read, the types of movies to be watched, and the types of music to be listened to.  After all, it is for their own benefit, entertainment, and learning.  So, libraries should not have anything offensive removed from thier shelves that are found offensive.     First, we need to take into consideration that every person is different, and therefore prefers different types of materials provided by a library.  For example, one person @MONTH1 like to read philosophical books, and the other @MONTH1 like to read romance comedy books.  If the philosophical books were to be taken off the shelves by the library officials, then the person who likes philosophy will not have anything to read.  Yes, there are magazines available and movies to watch about philosophy, but they are experienced and learned differently than reading  @ORGANIZATION2's book, or @ORGANIZATION3's @CAPS1.  I had an experience similar to this with my friend.  She preferred horror movies, and I historical.  The horror movie she was looking for was not in the library, and later it turned out that the library did not have any kind of horror movie because they weren't popular in that city.  My friend was not happy.  The library had historical movies, but I ended up watching that by myself. So, libraries should not have to take away any sort of material that might be offensive to the public.     Second, the term 'offensive' in this case is ambiguous, meaning that it has multiple meanings.  What @MONTH1 seem 'offensive' to one person @MONTH1 not seem offensive to another.  An example:  a @CAPS2 @CAPS3 magazine cover @MONTH1 be offensive to a child because of the picture and 'adult' words for the child.  However, that same cover @MONTH1 be interesting to a young adult because he @MONTH1 be into surfing, suntanning, or @CAPS2.  Offensive is only used in the first part, but not in the second, and the same material was used.  So, should that magazine be removed? I don't think so.  The solution is for the child to look at @CAPS4 Magazines, @ORGANIZATION1, or @CAPS5 magazines.  The library should provide a section for @ORGANIZATION1 so that they can read appropriate material.     Finally, I believe that the peole have a free choice when choosing the books to read, the type of movies to watch, and the types of music to listen to.  They should be allowed to do this because of their differences and their definition of 'offensive'. People should not be forced to read the same type of book, to watch the same type of movies, or to listen to the same type of music.  They should have a choice of choosing the materials provided by the library which corresponds to their personalities.  After all, the materials they see, read, or listen to is for their own benefit, their own learning, and for their own entertainment.  The main goal is for them to be happy with what the library has to offer.     In conclusion, I belive that libraries should not take off any material from their shelves that are found offensive.  This is due to the different people, the ambiguous term for 'offensive', the for the sake of human flourishment.  Libraries are for studying, learning, and entertainment in a quiet, peaceful place.  They should not discourage people to discontinue learning about the world because that would lead to a bigger and more serious worldwide problem: the lack of education.",4.1939106
"Should libraries remove offensive reading material? No, I don't think certain reading material should be removed from libraries just @CAPS4 some people find @CAPS5 offensive. There's offensive material everywhere. Just because you find @CAPS5 offensive doesn't mean someone else does. In my opinion if a person finds something offensive they shouldn't look at @CAPS5 or read @CAPS5.     A few months ago I was at the library. I was trying to find a book to read for an essay I had to write. I over heard two girls talking. They were arguing about something. I moved closer to them so I could hear. '@CAPS1's this one about?' The girl asked. 'That's a really good book! @CAPS5's about these two people who fall in love and their love lives. @CAPS5 goes on to talk about how the man tries to find a woman after the girl he fell in love with dies, and about his love life after @CAPS6's gone.' The other girl said. 'So you're saying @CAPS5's about sex?' The first girl asked. '@CAPS2, but only slightly.' The other girl answered. 'I'm not going to read this!' The first girl said. '@CAPS3 why not?' The second girl asked, confused. '@CAPS4 @CAPS5 talks about sex! Teens shouldn't be able to check out books like this.' The first girl answered, '@CAPS5 sends the wrong message.' @CAPS6 added. After those girls left I went and got the book they were talking about. I started reading @CAPS5. Intresting. Actually, @CAPS5 was a very good book. The second girl was right. @CAPS5 wasn't mainly about sex. @CAPS5 was mostly about the love those two people shared for each other and @CAPS1 the man went through after his love died.     That got me thinking. Should certain reading material be removed because @CAPS5 talks about sex, drugs, murders, ect or @CAPS4 someone finds @CAPS5 offensive? No, @CAPS5 shouldn't. There's offensive material in real life and @CAPS5's not being removed. Why should @CAPS5 be removed from a library? @CAPS1's @CAPS5 matter if @CAPS5's in a book? There is always going to be something somewhere that offends someone. That's just how life is.",3.715264
"Most people consider libraries an unharmful place. However it's often found that some libraries have offensive books as well as magazines on it's shelves. Kids that are interested in reading can't be looking for a book and pick up a @CAPS1 novel with a nude lady on the cover. I do believe libraries need to have some sort of censorship on not only their shelves but computers and movies as well. Let me further explain to you the reasons why libraries should have such boundaries.     A library is a place to get away and explore your mind in a fascinating way; by reading books! Now would you want to be looking for one of your favorite books and find an offensive image? Nudity, cursing, and drugs are all offensive images I have seen in a library. It's not appealing to see an article about some sort of alcohol when its sitting right next to a kid's magazine. What kind of message are we trying to send to them? That it's ok to get drunk or have sex and read the magic school bus? I think there needs to be some kind of organization set up to go around and help censor libraries. Since the media controls the internet and most of the magazines, I think it would be a great idea to dispose of that in our libraries.     Libraries are a reading playground for not only our children but friends and family as well. We don't want our kids getting the wrong message when they go check a book out and pick out an autobiography on @PERSON1. Censorship does need to occur in our libraries and I believe it should happen soon. I'm not saying go and wipe out all the books you have already purchased at sometime because that's already in the past. No matter where you are you cannot escape offensive gestures; but please let's keep it out of the library.",3.5176387
"Libraries are public for a reason, and that is to interest people with different types of entertainment. I know some people have their opinions about things but that is why there are variaties because every single person is different. In my opinion no I do not think certian materials should be banned becuase they @MONTH1 have a more mature content than others think is appropiate. Disagree with me that is alright but, have you ever stopped to think about issues like this? Im going to list a few reasons with explainations on my opinion becuase I think they @MONTH1 point out a few good concepts on why I do not believe they should be banned.     First, in the present society everybody has different views and opinions on things that should be discussed. The public has a right to entertain themself any way they would like to choose and with any material or subject matter they would like. Taking away their entertainment would be the same as telling them that they cannot wear the clothes they would like, or drive the car they want. If you were to walk into a library and see a subject that does not fit your standards or interest than you should simply walk away and find a more suitable subject matter for yourself. Some people look at things in a totally different way than you, @CAPS1 because you do not like different styles of entertainment does not mean somebody else dosen't.       Second, You would be takng jobs away from many people who love what they do. People have an issue with some content of books, or movies, but that is sometimes based on what an author is feeling, or even what their life maybe like. Others they write about real life events things that happen to normal people everyday, that should be looked up upon to have people write their stories down for the whole world to see. Criticizing subjects of entertainment is downgrading different forms of art. Pretty much what people feel like is, its not ok to have a mature subject discussed about in a book but in a painting it is, very hipocritical.     Lastly, If the material being pulished today was wanted off the shelfs of a library, than why would it even be printed and sold to people all over the world? It is because there are people who do like it and do not have a problem at all and like me is not bothered by it what so ever.      In my opinion i do not think any form of entertianment should be banned or taken away from society in anyway, because than you would be taking peoples joy",3.5808887
"'Should libraries censor reading material's to students at school.'That is a yes an no quistion because reading is good for people of all age's its just is the topic suitable for certain age group. Yes, I do think they should censor reading material, But to an exstent they need to have books for kids at certain age groups. like have sections for young kids then teens and then adults. if the child wants t read more graphic material then they must have pramission from their parent. the reason i say that is there are things that get published by authord that are ment to be read by certain people.",2.0333416
"Dear local newspaper, I believe that with too much use of computer it will have bad affects on people. People can get addicted to it so easily. They also use a lot of electricity. And people sit on the computer all day and don't exercise at all. These are all bad affects computers have, but their not all bad, without them life might be a little harder. Playing computer games, and online poker sounds fun right? Wrong! People get addicted to them everyday. Online poker could be dangerous. I remember seeing a show about this guy who was addicted to it. He'd put his credit card information in and sit and play all day. Before he knew it, he was in debt. Once he was addicted it was very hard for him to stop. It's a stupid thing to get into because there is no point to it. You sit and waste money, especially with our economy the way it is. A recent study shows that @PERCENT1 of people who play online poker are addicted within two weeks. Other games are also addicting too. There's a website that called addicting. I guess people don't know the affects of being addicted to a computer has on them and their family. Did you know that @PERCENT2 of electricity in @LOCATION1 goes to computer? Thats almost half of it going to one thing. I don't think it's right that pretty much everything is done on the computer now. In our economic chrisis I don't think enery should be wasted playing computer games. We could use energy for more important things that people any need. If everyone didn't need computers to communicate and everything there wouldn't be a problem. The number of computers sold has gone up @PERCENT3 since @DATE1. I understand emailing, and facebook. But don't get out of hand with it. Isnt being outside on a beautiful day great? Wouldn't you rather enjoy that or excercise rather than sitting glued to a computer? Obesity is a huge problem in @LOCATION1. A lot of people are obese from sitting on the computer and not excercising. I remember when I was younger, everytime I went to my friends house, his dad would be sitting and playing poker and games on the computer. He was very out of shape and lazy. His parents later got a divorce because he turned into a totally different person. Most @CAPS1 are lazy. We don't like to do work if we don't have to. I would define they rather excersise or go outside instead of being on the computer. You live a lot healthier when you're not addicted to the computer. And when you're healthier, you're happier. So in conclusion, if you don't control yourself on the computer it can have bad affects. Computers are easy to get addicted to, use a lot of electricity, and can make people fat and lazy. Do you think playing computer games is worth losing friends and family?",4.22748
"Although possibly offending some people, materials that are in libraries that could possibly be considered 'offensive' are actually good to keep around. If people who find the materials in libraries offensive are getting upset over the lack of censorship within the library itsself, they should re-think the situation and consider that the 'offensive' materials that are left within libraries could be considered appropriate IF the viewer is ready to experience them. If a person does not want to be exposed to things in libraries that could be considered offensive, then they can altogether avoid these materials. If parents find the materials that are within libraries offensive, they should monitor their children while they are visiting their library. The mateirals that could be considered offensive @MONTH1 actually be good, educational media that a person could learn from. If @CAPS1 within libraries increases, 'then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.' @CAPS1 in libraries should remain the same as it is now.      Some books, movies, and any other number of things that can be found within libraries are bieng labeled as innapropriate. These materials can be educational, however, and should not be removed from libraries altogether just because some of the materials are found to be too crude, vulgar, or adult-like for younger ages. Parents should monitor their children while in a library as to not let them stumble upon something that they would not want them to see yet. If something is labeled as innappropriate for children to view by parents, then it is the parents responsibility to make sure thier child does not stumble upon it.      Much of what @MONTH1 be considered as innapropriate and needing cencoroship in libraries to this day @MONTH1 actually hold some educational value or meaning to it. There are books and movies that are based off of true stories that have taken place that could be announced by parents as 'not appropriate to be viewed by children'. However, this does not mean that libraries should have to remove the material from their shelves just because parents @MONTH1 not think or necessarily agree that it would be appropriate for their child to read or see. It is the parents resposibility to see that their child does not check out what they would consider innappropriate. Much of the things within libraries that might be considered innappropriate for children hold good eduactional value and should not have to be removed from the shelves of the library simply because parents find it not age appropriate for their children.      @CAPS1 in libraries should remain the same as it is now so that those who want to see or read the stories or movies can do so without having to buy them. If parents want to make a big deal out of how libraries hold materials that are not appropriate for their children, they can either altogether not go to a library or they can monitor their children closely if they bring them along on a library visit. I have found that when I visit my library, I look at it as a source of knowledge that has been pooled in one place, written and created by thousands of authors, all of which took time out of their own lives to create it. If we are going to remove these books or movies from libraries, I think it would be taking away the rights that people have to the materials that SHOULD be provided by a library. @CAPS1 in libraries should remain the same as it is today so that people can enjoy all that should be within it, even if some of it is labeled as innappropriate by parents",3.9471061
I think if people find books offensive they should not even read that book to begin with. If books are found offensive and taken from shelves then book shelves would be emtpy. Then their would nothing left for people to read.     Some of the greatest authors use offensive words in their books take them off th shelves and you will be getting rid of the greatest material. @PERSON1 @CAPS1 for example in the book '@CAPS2' its offensive to gays and one gets killed.,2.198338
"Dear, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 More and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. Those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Others have different ideas. A great amount in the world today are using computers, some for work and spme for the fun of it. Computers is one of mans greatest accomplishments. Computers are helpful in so many ways, @CAPS4, news, and live streams. Don't get me wrong way to much people spend time on the computer and they should be out interacting with others but who are we to tell them what to do. When I grow up I want to be a author or a journalist and I know for a fact that both of those jobs involve lots of time on time on the computer, one @MONTH1 spend more time then the other but you know exactly what @CAPS5 getting at. So what if some expert think people are spending to much time on the computer and not exercising, enjoying natures and interacting with family and friends. For all the expert knows that its how must people make a living and we don't know why people choose to use the computer for a great amount of time and to be honest it's non of my concern and it shouldn't be the so called experts concern. People interact a thousand times a day on the computers. Computers keep lots of kids of the streets instead of being out and causing trouble. Computers helps the @ORGANIZATION1 locate most wanted criminals. As you can see computers are more useful to society then you think, computers benefit society.",3.2662754
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1, Have you seen someone with a @CAPS1 emailing their co-worker or a person with their laptop at a coffee shop? Well, I can @CAPS4 I have and know they need and it benefits them. People everday use a computer for their work. Also, you can keep in touch with friends and family. Plus, it's the start to new improved future! whether you use a computer to get the latest gossip or for a job, the computer is now an important part of people's lives. My mother works on the computer everyday at her job, though it @MONTH1 not seem important to you, it is to my family, who needs the money for food and bills. Half of @LOCATION1 uses computer for jobs for money just like my family. Recently, @ORGANIZATION3, the computer company took a survey to see how many people use the company for work. A whopping amount of @PERCENT1 use the computer for work. That @PERCENT1 of people benefit from using the computer. They depend on their email to get to their boss or their layout of their statewide meeting to save so they can get the raise they deserve. You the, @ORGANIZATION1 even uses computers to write your articles for the paper. More than half of @CAPS2 or @ORGANIZATION2 benefit just from working on the computers. Everyone says family is the most important thing right? What can yo do if they live far away? Well you email, @CAPS5, @LOCATION2M, or @CAPS3 of course. Some experts @CAPS4,""People are spendiong too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family."" @CAPS5 is and was originally invented to keep in touch with family. So the experts have no reason to @CAPS4 that because people use the computer to keep in touch with families. Even people in the army use the comptuer to communicate. Using the computer isn't as bad as people think. Look out! The future is coming! New technology greater than my knowledge is coming. Computers were the start and people haven't stoped since. Sure, of course the computer has a couple downsides. But what thing or invention doesn't. No one can stop what is coming, you just have to learn to live with it and move on. Computers are the beginning to something good so don't stop something that could be even better! Next time you go outside look for that guy in the business suit emailing on the @CAPS1 or the girl in the coffee shop and smile, know they are benefitting from it. Whether it's for work or the one keeping in touch with a relative. Maybe someone with the next big idea for the future. Take a chance on the computer, stop the negativity and a pleasant surprise will come your way.",4.0022244
"Dear Local Newspaper, In my opinion they take time away from exercising. Also, no one has time to enjoy nature. Of course, when it comes to family and friends, The time is stified by the computer. If more people get of @CAPS1 and @CAPS2, I'm positive all would be resolved. I'm sure that the computer is affecting everyone negatively. Obesity is a huge problem in @LOCATION1. One in five children are obese. I feel the computers is contributing to the problem. I remember times when I wanted to go outside and exercise, but the computer dragged me away wih all the fun games and videos the internet sure, the computers fine in moderation, but many people abuse their privellages. Obesity leads to many such as dogged arteries or strokes. No parents wants to see their go through young. But if from of to fix it? taking away for many. Everybody these dayrace people have so much effort making. I's sure I would have had across time if went people have probably done. Good times. Family to take time from away from us. In conclusion, I feel the computer is an addiction. Millions who on the computer gain weight. Also, it takes time enjoy nature but the computer blocking the way. Another thing the comuter puts family and friends on hold. Memories are being stolen by the awful device that computer. So else how bad the computer is.",3.3484764
"Books can always be amazing things in how they take us to whole new worlds and how they enlighten us to new ideas we @MONTH1 have never thought about before.  However, are some books just too much to handle and should not be read?  Well think what you @MONTH1, but I believe all reading and media materials should stay on their shelves in libraries because people should have a right to know what is in the real world, even some of the bad parts.  Different assortments of media should definately not leave libraries or be banned from them because people need to be educated in all that exists, they need to know even the bad things in this world so they can hopefully be educated enough about it they can go away from evil acts and help fight against them, and first and foremost it is their right to choose what they want to read because each individual must have the option to be who they want to be.  Though we can only hope that by giving people such knowledge they can rise up and do what is right.     Even education @DATE1 is being influenced by people saying that students can not be taught certain realms of knowledge, but in the long run does this really help people?  If people were educated enough to know about everything we know and what they themselves as an individual choose to learn, wouldn't that help them from becoming curious and learning lies from an invalid source, instead of the array of resources they would have open to them at a library?  Each individual should have the right to learn what they want to learn and should not be closed off from any resources, otherwise they @MONTH1 never learn the real truth behind a topic, which would work against the whole point of learning.  These seekers of knowledge should always be able to seek as they please, so that they @MONTH1 learn and hopefully make new advancements for everyones benefit, but they can only hope to this with proper education.         Another point to look at is that people need this variety of education, so they can work for causes important to them.  With knowledge people can make new innovations and create and spread new ideas to help make the world better.  Although  this can only happen when they know both sides of the story, so that if they oppose something they can know what they are talking about and what they are pushing against and what cause they are pushing for.  The only way people can truly make their ideas heard will be when they can understand all about their topics.  Without certain points of information that could be taken out, people @MONTH1 have no backbone to what they are saying and then they would even hamper other people's learning processes as well.     Also another reason to not have censorship is that we all have rights in @LOCATION1,and hopefully globaly someday, to be who we want to be in the pursuit of happiness as long as we do not hinder anyone else's dreams in our own pursuit.  People really just need to be who they really are in order to help the world and make differences, because if we were not allowed to be our own individuals then people would never advance.  Without this advancement, people would have just remained the same in their cultures and beliefs, but instead people chose to seek knowledge, and in doing so gave us the technology people have @DATE1.  Harry @CAPS1 even argues in his popular books series that we must know the enemy to fight them.  Would he have become such a hit if others didn not believe this as well?  To change this would go against the rights people have found for themselves, thus meaning if we gave these rights away, people would have regressed.       People should always be allowed to access all types of media, especially in librairies.  These media types help shape who each individual is and helps them to help make contributions to the world in their lives.  Though there wil;l always be bad media, we must understand even the bad in this world, so that hopefully people will make the choice to combat it.  We all certainly would not be the people we are @DATE1 without all the influences on us and by taking away even parts of knowledge we would end up only dehabilatating ourselves.   These choices all help us to hopefully advance and continue forward into the depths of understanding, so that knowledge will continue on forever",3.998995
"Censorship in the @CAPS1     @CAPS2, what is offensive to some @MONTH1 not be to others. So how do we know when expressing ourselves in an artistic manner that we've gone to far? We don't and thats why censorship is such a controversial topic.      In the music industry recently there has been messages in songs and music videos that aren't the best suited for teenagers. Being a teenager is a time of constant turmoil in one's life, you are required to make decisions that will define you as a person. When songs out there are about drug use and other crimes teens see them as cool things and follow along cause they see them as everyday activities that can do no harm but little do they know that they are wrecking their life by doing this, so I somewhat agree with censorship in that kind of thing.     In literature and art things take a more serious tone than in music and other media. With literature it's about conveying ones thoughts and feelings about a story or other subject. In art you express yourself vissually on a canvas or abstractly through other materials and forms, but in both ways you express your feelings and emotins. So censoring these would in turn censor one voice and emotions. When you take away a man's voice and emotions you are left with an empty shell of a person who will never know life to the fullest.     As time has changed I have found that people have also changed. When @PERSON1 uses the '@CAPS3-word' in some of his literary works it didn't offend people at the time, but now times have changed. Now it's not ok that @PERSON1 used this word but on the other hand it's ok for rappers and others to say it every other word in their music. so how do we know what's offensive and what's not? well it's all from the reader, listener, or viewer's point of view.     These days parents try to sheild their children from the outside world and make it seem that it's all rainbows and butterflies by censoring things the children might be subject to read, hear, or see in their day to day lives. This does not solve the problems in the world there will always be war, crime, and death no matter how hard we try to stop it as long as there's 'good' there will always be 'bad'.     All loyalties aside in my honest opinion I believe censorship in the @CAPS1 is a bad idea and will never work to solve actual problems with the world. It will just cover them up just like the dialouge or image they so badly want to go away.",3.8869631
"Do you think being able to look up information on anything or talk to people that are for away is ggod? With a computer these are some things that you will be able to do. Being able to talk to anyone that is far away is good. Some people have family in other countries that they have not seen in a long time and with a computer you can talk to them. @CAPS1 the people we have sent to @ORGANIZATION1 they have a Family here and I have heard of them using computers to talk to them because they miss them. Also if you live in an area that gets bad weather and you can not go anywhere a computer can help pass the time, @CAPS1 the people that live in the @CAPS2 they can get alot of snow during the winter time and @MONTH1 have to stay inside. So if they have a computer they are able to do things @CAPS1 play some games or can watch some videos to pass the time. Another thing a computer is good for is that you are able to search for anything. You are able to learn about faraway places even if you have never been there just by looking it up. Some kids do have some trouble with some homework but can use a computer to learn some more about it and hopefully they will now understand how the work is suppose to be done instead of going to the teacher tomorrow and telling them that you did not do it. There are my opinions why a computers have a positive effect on people. By being able to search anything, help children with homework, and pass the time if you have nothing to do.",3.1130643
"You say that computers are bad on todays society? @CAPS1 I'm here to prove you wrong and tell you that they can actually benefit todays society. Maybe some kids don't have phones, so they can go log onto facebook and do everything a phone has to offer and more. School. School. School; so many homework assignments and projects are assigned, and using computer programs help alot and give that proffesional touch. And how coud you forget 'google' the most famous online system, that everyone loves you can do just about anything with that page. So computers bad for society, think again and listen closely. blc computers have just benifited us more than ever. www.facebook.com, that is one of the most visited pages on the internet for all different ages, it deffinetly benefits you. Logging on and seeing your friends profile's newest updates on pictures, videos and life, you get every little detail using facebook. And I you don't have a phone, no. wornes, facebook has a chat system, so you and friends and relatives can talk, or maybe theirs a family party comingup you can get inboxed on all the information, and visit the relatives homepage and see how theyve been doing. @CAPS3 you haven't logged into facebook yet, you deffinetly will now! ""This project will be done on the computer,"" how many times do you hear a teacher says that, almost everytime youre given an assignement! @CAPS1 windows and @ORGANIZATION1 programs will really benefit you in your need for school help. Lets say you've been assigned a project to create a product commerical in computer class, you can hop right onto windows movie maker and get all the help you need, and you'll have the ability to create you project right on the program so it looks and sounds professional. One program you can always use throughout life for presentation is 'power ', In my history class we were assigned a famous person from the @DATE1's and were to do a presentation; @CAPS1 when I got my assignment I went right to powerpoint and got a great grade! lastly the known, @ORGANIZATION1 word! used for all kinds of projects or homeworks and espically writing papers or short stories, having spell check, youre garenteed a good grade! Google! Everyone knows it and everyone loves it. This web hit canbe used for just about anything. From searching pictures and information for a school projects, watching videos of songs, friends, or tv shows that you love or wonna check up on. to looking at websites. Some say the @CAPS2 holds people from exersising, but google can shows you videos of special work outs or websites on healthy eating or an on exercise group or fitness club, so now you see the internet benefits us tremendously! ""Have you change your mind? have you listened closely?"" @CAPS3 so your life just become a whole lot easier, by using facebook, for social ability, @ORGANIZATION1 and windows programs for school, and google for life and health, you have just benefitted from my writing and from using modern technology, the computer!",3.9986272
"The library is a place for people to go and read whatever they want. Some people just enjoy reading and others go to find information. People are allowed to read and write whatever they want and sometimes it might offend others but there's nothing you can really do about it.      Sometimes there might be inapropriate books at the library or the super market but even if it doesnt apply to you it might to someome else, for instance say there's a book or magazine talking about being homosexual and you dont think it should be allowed but someone who is might find it interesting to see how other people deal with it.        Another topic most people argue about is books about sex or drugs. Adults who have children don't want them reading about those things and in some ways they might because in a book it might show the reader how there bad for you and that you shouldnt do them. I know I ike reading books like that because it just shows me how it messes peoples lives up and I dont want to live like that.     There are some things I dont think should be allowed like books, magizines, music, and movies about racialism. I don't think its right for people to talk about others just because there skin is a different color, they have just as much right to be here as we do. Another thing that bothers me are movies about people that have problems like adhd or down syndrome and other kids bullying them because its not there fault there like that and its just inapropriate.   Some people don't realize what they write might hurt others  and sometimes they write them for that purpose and even though we @MONTH1 complain about them no good ever comes out of it because everyone has a freedom of speech and we just have to deal with it and go on with our lives. And if there are inapropriate things at the library you dont like or don't want your children to see then don't let them go.",3.1804862
"Dear editor of @LOCATION2 @CAPS1, @LOCATION3's society is being ruined, ruined by computers of course. They are so time consuming that I am afraid they are causing more people to be obease in @LOCATION3. People are afraid that they are limiting themselves from interacting @CAPS2 to @CAPS2, and spending time enjoying nature. I feel the exact same way and someone should put a stop to this! An average american goes on a computer for about @NUM1 hours a day. With going to work or school, and sleeping, that way leaves a litle @NUM2 to go out and explore nature. Our national parks @NUM3's have been decreasing in their numbers of customers at a fast rate. I visited yellow stone last week to find out if as many people have been goind. The man who works at the entrance was saying that ""since the start of @DATE1 alone about @PERCENT1 less people have been to @LOCATION1,"" I believe that the reason for that is because of computers. They limit people from goind to parks or to zoo's, by consuming the public time with all of the ""new fashion"" or the newest game on miniclip.com. Also, I believe that the public is spending so much time on computers that they are not able to go out and exersize. With the newest ""sims game,"" how are kick supposed to stay fit and healthy? I did a study on how many hour kids spend on thier computer and out of the people who said more than @NUM4 minutes. @PERCENT2 of them could legally considered obease. Is that now we want our next gerneration to be out next president and lawyers, and doctors? @CAPS8, we want them to live life to the @CAPS4 by taking care of themselves by exersizing. Computers are getting kids so consumed that is not ok. Lastly, with computers, families and friends don't really talk to each another @CAPS2 to @CAPS2, or interact with each other at all i mean sure, parents come home to thier child on the computer and give them a kiss on the head. But is that enough? I do not believe it is. I asked a friend of mine's child about how much he interacts with his family and friends? @CAPS2 to @CAPS2 he said that well since he got his new ""@CAPS5 @CAPS6 with a @NUM5 gig hardrive"", he hadn't been talking to them a whole @CAPS2 to @CAPS2. However, everyday we went on ""chat"" ""for a good @NUM6 hours"", to talk to his friends. And only occasionally would he get an @CAPS7-mail or two from his asking how his days was. I do not believe that that is good in order to have good friends and a strong family life. That is what @LOCATION3 has come down to computers. They limit you from interacting to friends and family, give you less time to exersize and limit you from going out and exploring nature. Who knows, maybe at this time in @NUM7 years, @LOCATION3 will be run by computer. Do we want that, @CAPS8! so lets put a stop to it now. Thank you very much!",4.134456
"Dear to whom this @MONTH1 concern I know everybody that dont uses computers are why are people effect by the computers. Well i think computer is better then newspaper, on news papers you could find the news, well of course but wheather, houses for sale, tv casting, jobs and others just the same way as @CAPS1 but instead it like virtual. It benefits society for certain reasons it depends. some times computerscan be a negative effects on people but it also teach people how to read, write, type, learn and other. What I about we can talk to others we can see pictures of people whom we no we can google into about things we need to no, it helps when they need to find they way around the mapquest. A negative issue with having computers with internet, certain websites that are not age able. Kids be on website thier parents dont bout, looking up with boys they meet over the @CAPS1, People dying making plans with someone the next day the person is gone missing. I think if experts take away computers must kids well be mad and upset and there will be nothing more to do but play video games and go outside and these are my opinions.",2.954127
"I do not think that libraries or any one should have censorship to books, movies, music, magazines ect. People who put there time to writing all of there thought and ideas in that should not be just thrown off the shelf. People who wrote that stuff have freedom of seach and the wright to write that stuff or say that stuff.      Yes I have read books that I have found offensive or that I don't like, but I dont think they should not be in libraries. They are there because some other people @MONTH1 like that kind of stuff no reason why we should exclude what they like to read out of the libraries that everyone shares and goes to. There would be nothing left in libraries because almost everything out there someone could find offensive.     For example people such as @ORGANIZATION1. People say his lyrics and music say alot of bad stuff but most of his music is about him and his life. He has the freedom of speach to wright and publish that for the world to see and hear. His music is just i @CAPS1 of his life. In history @CAPS2 because he killed people. Should take him off the shelf because jews @MONTH1 think it was offensive, yeah it might be but it lets people know about our history and what has happened. If we keep that cencored who know history my repeat its self. which is a saying I have heard many of times.          So censorship or not I just think they had the freedom of speach to write that stuff down and be put in a library for people to see learn, edgucate, and entertain themselves by. Doesn't mean if it offeneds you that its offensive to other people",2.8071141
"Dear Newspaper, People always believe that technology today such as computers are making more and more people lazy and not going out into the real world such as people who don't spend time with family, become very unfit, and also @CAPS1 websites and people you talk to can put you in harms way and you can get hurt. First, who wouldn't want to spend time with family and find out things that happend to them, @CAPS1 people because they are to busy being on the computer instead of going camping with the family, going to an amusement park and also some family gatherings. People who thinks that the computers is a helping thing to use but @PERSON1 said ""@CAPS1 people learn much easier from family of friends then from a computer. Second, @CAPS1 people are becoming @CAPS2 because of computers intead of going for a walk or nice day they sit in their room and sit on the computer and seeing virtual things instead of seeing things. @CAPS1 prove who are sitting on the computer people you might should be joining a sports learns with everyday. Last, @CAPS1 @CAPS3 that go on the computer and adults are getting because of the of talking to people you have never seen or really know about. When you are on and someone and live where you live they can be lieing and you could take them seriously and meet up with them and that is how you can get killed or go missing. Also, the computer allows you to put pictures and videos online and a lot of teens and adults are posting up on the internet very inapropriate pictures of these bodies and people should't be seeing that. I hope that if you or a family is always on the computer you should say you need to spend time with your family, you can become very unfit, and you can be at risk of getting hurt by people you don't know.",3.4347548
"Censorship in public libraries, allowed? I believe it should be, with a few different veiw points. For one, why should the books come off of shelves because some people do not like the plot of the series? Two, @CAPS1 is over a million of us people out @CAPS1 and we all are not a like in many ways. Also @CAPS2, reading is one of those things that we differ with each other. One person might read peaceful warm-hearted stories, than you have people out @CAPS1 like want something more intense to be able to read.      With all of us being different all over the world. Humans have different taste in food, music, movies, and books. All people have different ways to satisfy their pleasures in book readings, to me books are like religons not all of us are the same in that, and at the same time we are all freely living with our reglion without any punichment, so why would you take away books that people love to read freely?  To me, in my eyes is just not right. It's like taking candy away from a innocent baby because it will rot it's teeth out. What I mean by that is, that sure some books to people @MONTH1 offend them yet their might be some people out @CAPS1 being offensive to that persons books and so on, but as all as your baby's teeth aren't rotting out, than why take the candy away? Meaning if the books have each individal shelf with labels on what it was all about, which they do. People wouldn't feel so offensive finding them in the wrong spot.     Looking at the point of veiws do you understand where I come from with this? We are all the same, yet in books we find each other inside of them, finding ourselves into books, I know many book readers with different types of tastes. No matter who they were and who their friends were, we all are different. To many people other than myself, would agree with that. So tell me again why should censorship not be in public libraries",3.4836564
"I do not agree that computers benefits society. There are threes big reason why computers are bad, people are getting to attached and arent spending time with there families. Others are gaining weight because they stay on the computer, and not exercising. Also some people arent getting fresh air not getting out for a walk in a park. Computers are making people shut out their families. When a girl wants to play with her big sister the big sister will just shut out the little sister and continue emailing her friends on the computer. Families need to stick together but when a member of the family from doing a family picnic or other family activities. Computers have addictive games that a person will play and ignore everyone and sometimes a family member can go into depression because he or she is being ignored. Another reason computers are bad is because of health issues. People will get to addicted and be lazy. They will just sit in the computer chair and eat drink bad stuff all day. People would gain weight might ever get dabetes from the weight. If people don't get the exercise they need to stay healthy then they might have heart problems, and many more serious conditions. If your weights gets to extreme then you might not be able to lose weight because your body has gotten tov used to all the weight your heart @MONTH1 not be able to take it. At last but not least people will stop going outside and not go and walk or talk, with friends. People should al least go outside once a day to see nature get air. They should go to the beach relax and relieve all the stress from computer games. Having to much stress is bad for your health you might go into depression. Being on the computer way to much can be bad if you sit in the dark not getting sunlight it can be bad for your eyes. So as you can see there is alot of bad things about computer. Most of the problems or issues all have to do something with someones health. So this is why I think this is bad for the societys benefits. I hope that you will take these reasons to heart. Thank you!",3.519218
"Dear @LOCATION1 Newspaper, @CAPS1 my name is @PERSON1. I'm go to @ORGANIZATION1 in @LOCATION1. I'm in @NUM1 grade. I'm writing this letter to you to tell you my opinion if technology believe that technology have positive effect on people. My opinial is that computer are good. Keep reading to change people lifes in <@NUM2 @LOCATION1</@CAPS2>. My first reason is computer teach you hand eye coordination. For example when I was in @NUM3 grade I would go to the libary in my @ORGANIZATION1. She had a website named @CAPS3 To learn. It to help you to learn how to learn without looking at the keyboard. My second reason compute give people ability to learn about faraway places and people. For example when I was in @NUM4 grade in @CAPS4 @CAPS5 I had to write about @CAPS6. And I want on @ORGANIZATION2. I found wonderful pictures of @CAPS7. And I saw how they live. I watched a @CAPS8 specail like @NUM5 weeks ago it said @PERCENT1 of people would use @ORGANIZATION2 to look up people number and mor personal things. My third reason give people the ability to learn about faraway place and people. For example when want to talk to my cousin that live in @LOCATION3. I would go on the internet and talk to them on webcam. I clould talk to them. I read in a artice like a month ago. That @PERCENT1 of people use the computer to chart with people. In conclustion, some people might say some experts are concerned people are spending to much time and less exercing enjoying friends and family. However, being on the computer is way sdfyer than go outside. More kids or people would be salfy. Next you should post this out on you news paper.",3.4152756
"I can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the book shelf. I hope our children or any other children take this book off the shelf because it would be offensive or demeaning to the race of me or the children. This book would probably make the children asks question that we don't really want to talk about.           This book would probably be a book I wouldn't recommend for my children to read or even look at the pages or cover of the book. I mean if it wasn' t demeaning to anybody's race or skin color I would let my children read it, but if it had like profanity and racial slurs in it I would tell my kids that this book is off limits until you are older.          Certain magazines such as like swimsuit models and other inappropriate stuff my children shouldn't be aloud to look at. Music is like the magazines if it has like profanity and talks about drugs then I'm not going to let my kids listen to it. Movies are just like magazines and music, if it has inappropriate stuff in it then my kids don't need to watch or listen to it. My exception for a movie is if it is rated @CAPS1 or @CAPS2, then they are aloud to watch it but if it is rated @NUM1 or @CAPS3 then my kids can forget about watching it.      So in the end, yes I can think of a book, movie, or magazine that I don't want my children or any children to get their hands on cause you never know what that could lead to. And if your a strict parent like I plan on being don't let your kids watch, look at, or listen to inappropriate stuff because that is just putting bad stuff in their brain.      I have to admit I have watched, listened to, and looked at some bad stuff but I regret it all so very much so. There are so many inappropriate books, movies, magazines out there in today's libraries, it's bad because little kids can get a hold of this stuff and take it home without their parents noticing that they took this bad stuff home",3.3544455
"Computers do not have a negitive effect on people. They keep you in touch with family, help you do work for school, also allow you to play video games and look up music. Computers can keep you in with family and friends. Find locations to where the live. How their doing and what have they been up to. It allows you to e-mail and lets you see friends that moved far away. Computers also help you to work for school. They help you find answeres to questions a teacher could ask. They help you write reports or reports in general for any subject. Also, there many site that you could go to; to help you with a book.The sites could also bring you to your schools website. That way, if you forgot your home work was you have a place to check. Even if you were absent most papers I questions are on the internet so you could make end to the homework. Another common thing computers are used ten is to weecth movies. Rather a old movie or a new release. Computers also do the same thing for music. Anything from @CAPS1 to @CAPS2 to country and back can be. or new @CAPS3 shows and music all be find. Video games are also popular. Many people play these because; people can friends. Talk to friends that they havent seen in a long time. They to not be bored. If it's raining out and nothing to to the here games. And if you one to talk to thiers always someone there to lister to you and maybe become your friend. So computers are not a waste. They can keep you in touch, you new friends get rid of find an serches everything in @CAPS4 shows, music and movies.",3.253295
"As the people of the world are starting to use the computer more and more, I think it has a extremely positive effect on people. Computers are not all fun and games they help with other things as well. For example, some of the amazing things the computer are; teach hand-eye coordination. give people all over the world a chance to learn about the places, people and culture from far away places, and last hit not least, it is another way to allow people to talk online with their friends. Now let me explaine more about what a positve effect the computer is for the millions of people that use one. The computer today is such a great thing to have in your house. It is not for just ga off and playing video games on, it is also very helpful in the education of young children, teens, parents, and even grandparents. when you use the computer there os so much you can learn. For instance lets say you have a in your socical or history about the country or and you don't know a thing about it. What do you do? You should log onto you computer find a reliable website and boom you are learning facts about @LOCATION1 that you would have never know until you logged onto the computer. The computer is also a great way to practice and get better using your hand-eye coordination. First you need to learn about the of the keys and where they are positioned on the keyboard. After you have that skills, you should try to look at the computer screan. and not be working down at you finger keys. Not only is that not helping you hand-eye coordination, but it is causing you to type much slower than you would if you were looking at the screen. The computer truely is unbelievable. Are you one of those people who's parents don't you get a phone because use of how much it costs without even the cost of texting? Well if you are, the computer help you out with that problem aswell!! There are bunches of different ways to talk to your friends and family on the computer. For example, you could use @CAPS1 to instant your friends or facebook to learn more and more about somebody. The comp. is so hanndy! So lets recap on what we learned! The computer helps people learn about different places all over the world helps w/ hand-eye coordination, and lets you talk to your friends! I think the comp is a in every household.",3.7533858
"What I think about computers benifiting our community is great. Tecenology has gone far over the years. The most important is the computer. Most schools have computers. The reason is that benefits society. They are a hudge save in paper. You also learn more thing about place @CAPS1 any thing. These reasons support why we need to have computers. Computers benifits our community by saving paper. It also make our work neater. We can talk to friends and familys. The main reason is that it give computer technians more jobs people need more jobs computer also provide news. say The mayor need to send and iportant message about polluting the water he can do that through email. The main thing today in our society is going green. The only way we can do that is by swiching to computers. We have to chop so many trees down just to get @NUM1 paper to each kid in the grade. Aduts should understand we need to conserve paper. Now I know what your thinking what of we need to print something. My response is that you just could email it to a teach friend or any body else. Kids these day need to learn more about other cultures. We need to know what there econimy. The fastes what we could do that is internet. It is so much faster than looking through thousands of books. All you have to do is type the place you want and boom there it is. There are many benefits to having a computer my final reason is it also give you great hand I cordination. And if you want to be a athe lite than you need lots of it. How the computer gives you hand I coordination is from typeing an moving the mouse. The best way is to play lots of education video games. Whith all the facts and statement I gave you like benifiting community, going green and also learn about other place. Please when you are writing you article before and listen to my facts.",3.4114175
"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I am writing a letter to you saying that I think its a bad idea for you to make kids stay off of computers because it does teach kids something, it good to do homework on and you can relax when your on it. Well computers teaches kids a lof of things like hand-eye coordination. If kids want to work with computers when there older they can learn new to work with it. There is also websites that can show you how to move yor hands when using a computer. Well when kids come from school always have homework, @CAPS2 you need to do it on the comptuer so if you couldn't use computers it would be hard for kids to do there homework. So when they go to school and the class tells the teacher they dont have computers what are they going to do. So when I get out of school and I had a very long day. I go home do my homework and go on the computer and listen to music to relax. If you guy were to take computers away every one would be grumpy all the time. That is why I think you should keep computers and not exercise as much. We get enuf of that in school carry all these heveay books around.",2.894812
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Newspaper, Have you ever wanted to see your @CAPS3 that lives across the country? Well computers can do that. Ther re positive in effecting people in more ways, such as letteing people communicate with family or friends from across the world or letting everything be easy to find what they @CAPS4 many people are people isolate and keeping them from talking to family / friends I is helping them by being to chat or type to them. People can now talk to reltives in the comfort of thre home without having to about how they look. Computer also phone bills because of call your mom in @LOCATION1 just go on I chat and chat with her, it's just @CAPS5 you can see the computers Some people also think computers give people to much access to but ther it give people the of know what they This is good for school to for look for In my fall @NUM1. or people @CAPS6 you can see computers let you find the information you the time has that @CAPS7 computers without or keeping people away from family",2.9604094
"I feel that there should not be censorship in libraries. All offensive material, as much as the more conservative patrons @MONTH1 not like it, should stay where they belong, which is in the library for all to read.     I have several reasons I feel support my opinion about not removing material found offensive by some. My biggest reason is the learning capabilities these articles offer. Most works, even the more crude pieces, have some sort of educational value. Without articles based on the less comfortable or more gruesome items of life, people start to only understand in a surrreal sort of way, not understanding how the less fortunate things function or how to avoid them. Those who pursue a true wanting to gain knowledge will look at many different kinds of informational items, no matter the subject. Allowing this to occur is allowing the library to be used as in the way it was meant to be used for, a resource for knowledge.     All offensive items a library @MONTH1 have stored should stay in that very spot, for learning purposes. No one should be denied the ability to learn just because of the sheilding nature of others.",3.1537158
"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 your life without computers. Writing articles on a typewriter or by hand would surely be a hassle. The question of whether or not computers are beneficial to society has risen in the media, where they argue that people spend less time exercising interacting with nature, and less time with their family. However, computers are a great step forward in modern science and are beneficial to communities. Computers have drastically helped out educationally at school, not to mention the easier way of connecting with friends and family. Also computers have so many different forms of entertainment. Computers are great step forward and are completely beneficial to our society. Firstly, computers have helped academically in our schools and at home. I can't even @CAPS1 the hassle of coming home with thee assignment or writing two essays, only to have to write it by hand! Wanting to get it over with would only cause me to rush, resulting in a bad grade. Also, think of the handwriting factor. Most kids in my school don't have good handwriting, and I am assuming that teachers have a hard time grading something they can't read. With programs such as @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS2, you are given the option of different fonts, colors, bolding, pictures, symbols, and so on. Another way computers have helped academically is in schools. More and more teachers are using computers to help us learn. Tests are taken on computers, websites to help us research are visited, and other @ORGANIZATION1 program such as powerpoint can be used for a project. Computers help a lot in school, while helping us learn so much more. Computers also help with keeping in touch with friends and family. The days of short letters are replaced with long emails with pictures attached, sent in a matter of seconds whizzing through the internet only to arrive on your friend's screen. People can save money by not having pictures developed but instead having them stored on their computer, ready to print onto boand paper. There adveances in communication through computers that have been made. Things such as cideo chat (vchat) where you can literally see and talk to the other person, or just audio chat where you can talk to the person, have been made. Such easy ways of communication motivate people to speak to family and friends and stay in touch. Computers have made a positive impact on community by havinf simple ways to talk to your loved ones. Computers can alos provide a fun source of entertainment on the web. Websites have been created where you can play games, find people from your past, or maybe just look out funny videos. Anything you type into your toolbar instantly transforms into a page of links websites where you con find details on your topic, or relative things one fun website is that of 'youtube'. This website lets people upload videos. The possibility are endless on the web. Another fun website is '@CAPS3'. This website is where you can 'friend' people you know from the past and interact with them. You can post viedos, write messages and such. As you can see, entertainment is everywhere on the web. The time is now to understand the full benefits of computers. Computers are a benefit to modern day society because they help academically, encourage you to stay in touch with family and friend, and provide entertainment. We should all understand that computers are a huge advance in science, and they are a great help, and also fun! ",4.3636603
"Dear, Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 @PERCENT2 of the people would agree that computers are useful and by having them they help ability to learn about faw away place. They also, allow people to talk to other people online. Lastly, computers are importat @CAPS2 people that work with them. there are many reasons why I believe that computers benefit our society. Do you know that computers give people the ability to learn about faw away places. Sometimes people, dont know when they want to leave the country. With a computer you can organize it all. Somoe people like my family, like to go visit their familys in other places, @CAPS2 example, once my mom told me we were going on a trip to @LOCATION1 to go visit our family she told me she already got the tickets on the computer. I was very happy when we went and I saw how beautiful @LOCATION1 is. Some people like to see new and beautiful places. Such as , @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2 and even @LOCATION4. Let me tell you about how computers allow people to talk to other people online. Most people have myspace and that allows kids my age to keep in touch. Also, facebook that you can and people that you probly havent seen in a long time. @CAPS2 exsample, one time I was looking aroung facebook and found my old bestfriend @PERSON1. I was so happy cause when she moved I thought i would never talk to her again. I am @PERCENT1 positive that everyone in this world has a yahoo you could find people really quikck and talk to them. Would you belive that there is so many jobs and responsibilities that require you to have a computer. Such as scientists they all have to have computers or else they wouldnt be able to invient all the great things they make. Also, secretaries they have asign dates @CAPS2 their bosses. @CAPS2 exsample, a secretary @CAPS2 doctor has to be able to give and to change appointments. Lastly, students that go to school and most importantly collage with no computers, they wont be able to do their homework. Most people would agree that computers have a positive affect on people. @CAPS2 the reasons that they give the ability to learn about faw away places, allow people to talk to other people online. Computers are very important to people who work with them.",3.7336144
"Dear: @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I think computer are one of the most @CAPS3 inventions ever. They help education make everything @CAPS4 and traveling is @CAPS4. It helps education because @CAPS5 always use computers to help kids learn important information. for example if we have to study for something there are websites specialy made for studing. Also there are sites to teach little kids how to read or write. Allmost all @CAPS5 have computers these days. Some @CAPS5 even give computers to kids so they can use it to study. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS5 in the @CAPS7.S use computers more than textbooks and get high test scores. Thats why computers help education. A second reason is it generally makes everything @CAPS4. For example instead of writing an essay for school and having it take hours than your hand is and to findout its filled with miss-spelled words. Instead you can type it quick and use spell check. I have never heard one person say that the computer hasn't make life @CAPS4. Another example is if you had to find some information on you new dog. Instead of goind to your library spending minutes.You can simply open up you internet and then search it and find the info you need in seconds. That's why the computer make every thing @CAPS4. The last reason is that one. Traveling is such a without a computer With out it you have to go to to buy tickets. In fact I don't even remember what it was like to not @CAPS9 online with a computer all you have to do is go to the parts websites and then but it from there its so easy areselfs to places but traveling mail to each other also. I haven't sent a @CAPS8 card in years. Instead I @CAPS9 email. It quicker, @CAPS4 and more reliable. That is why traviling people and mail is @CAPS4. Over all the computer is one of the most helpful things ever and with technology upgraing daily soon it will be even @CAPS4 to do things. While too much computer is bad and people souldn't @CAPS9 interact with internet. The computer games in handy almost all the time. That is why i think the computer is @CAPS3.",3.512198
"Imagine that a person comes up to you and says, '@CAPS1 is that you are reading there? Wait, I know that book! That book is absolutely offensive! How dare you read that!' Then, imagine that they snatch that book up, and you never see it again. This is an example of how censorship works. If the government notices citizens in our country with offensive magazines, books, movies, or music, is it right for them to grab it away? No, not in any way do they have a right to do that!      Everybody should be able to decide for themselves @CAPS1 is right or wrong to; watch, read, or hear. Nobody has to be exposed to anything that they don't want to. Also, if a person truley wants to find an offensive form of entertainment, they will find it, no matter if it is legal to or not. Therefore, I believe that trying to stop people from this is a fruitless action.     Remember when you would get to listen to your favorite bedtime story, '@CAPS2 The @ORGANIZATION2'? Well, you can't read it anymore, the government declared the book offensive to camels and took it away. Now, you have only a boring book on facts about camels. @CAPS1 fun is that? And I have to think, '@CAPS1 about the authors?' @CAPS4 thing that is amazing about our country is our freedom of speech and expression! Stopping all that creativity from our author is tough and cruel. Writing a great story is near impossible to accomplish with limitaions that could result from government censorship.     If a song is beautiful and sweet, but contains @CAPS4 bad word in it, is it a bad song? If there was censorship, who would decide @CAPS1 is appropiate? Would the @CAPS5 decide for us? Or would the @ORGANIZATION1 get together and read aloud the books before they were declared inappropiate? Personally, I would love to decide for myself. And, as a mature adult, I can. I have the morals and the mind to choose for myself @CAPS1 is good or bad.     Perhaps, the multitude of books and songs that we have now would disappear altogether. It is possible. It is incredibly difficult to imagine the entire country having the same moral opinions on our entertainment. This could cause a number of entertainment forms to be eliminated. So, how can we create a standard to approve these forms of entertainment?     Understanding that there are young, fragile children, that are privy to all forms all public entertainment, some censorship @MONTH1 be required. However, I strongly believe that this should be limited. The censorship should be used only to help the kids. This is similar to the way a parent has their children eat healthy food instead of junk as they are growing up. When the kids are grown, they decide for themselves @CAPS1 food to eat. Some of the items I believe should be censored are; public commercials, children's television shows, and children's movies. The things I, and many others, believe should be censored are; profanity, violence, and offensiveness toward race, religion, and gender. Later, these children will be able to chose for themselves @CAPS1 they think is acceptable, and the censorship can end.     Total censorship is bad. Each and every citizen has the right to read whatever they please to. And nobody should ever try to take that away. Please, don't ever let people tell you your own morals.",4.2579956
"Have you ever felt that books are offensive? Maybe, but @CAPS2 all depends on who you are and @CAPS1 angers you. Somepeople think that books, music, movies, and etc. can be offensive in some way. I know they can, but @CAPS2 can only effect an amount of people if they together understand the problem. I think there are several ways why and why not to take books out of our libraries.     From @CAPS1 I hear, people do go angry over things but the question is '@CAPS1 gets them so angry?' @CAPS2 is different for somepeople than others. For example, a @ORGANIZATION1 fan reads a book about them and the author makes fun of them or teases them. That is a way to make someone offended and angry at a book. others can get mad at a movie because @CAPS2 discriminates races of other kinds. Like how in the @NUM1's, some movies characterized @CAPS3 @CAPS4 as stubborn, ignorant, human beings. In my view, actually being @CAPS3 @CAPS6 myself, sort of aggrivates me too, but none the less, shouldnt argue because of one major amendment, freedom of speech.     @CAPS2 depends on how @CAPS2 angers them also, like how back in world war @NUM2, the @CAPS7 people were characterized as short, fat people with big noses taking all the money away from the @CAPS8. That can be offensive, and is used usually to talk people over to their side. I think that if something offends you lightly, most of the time you shouldnt worry about @CAPS2, but if you get offended very heavily and none of the stuff they say about that topic is true, maybe you should get someone else to read @CAPS2 with the same dislikes and likes as you. That could help determine if @CAPS2 is truly offrnsive to people in general, not just you.      Then after that the main question we would ask would be '@CAPS1 should we do next?' If I were someone and the book I'm reading offends me massively, I would contact the library @CAPS2 came from and ask them to read @CAPS2, and if they think @CAPS2 is offensive, then they would more than likely take @CAPS2 off the shelfs. Now just because of someone that likes a sports team reads a book about them and the book talks trash about the team, dont tell the library, thats just a waste of time. Just simply pick up another book and read @CAPS2. I can understand how people will get mad over racism and disrimination, but not over a sports team.     So I hope that people can someday understand the limit to were something can actually be offending. Or maybe its just in our common nature for us to be offended when something we like gets made fun of. That is why I think that books should only be taken off shelfs for only very good reasons, not silly one",4.039923
"Dear local newspaper @CAPS1, I do agree that exercising,. I think that people exercising more, and spend time with family and friends. The issue to with is should more people sometime on their less time, exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends should it be the other way around. The first reason why I think that people should spend more time exercising than on their computers is because I think that more to watch and watch the way they eat and keep that self fit because what responsible to see their kid eat and then out exercising and then then self. My second reason is I think that people should time enjoying nature then computer The reason I think this id because they would never would never know what going on computer. How can you never things do. My third reason is interacting with friends and family I think that people should friends and family then on the computer because interacting with friends and family you learn things that you never knew about then and you can places you never gonna be sure discover new things you never your life. For example over vacation I did things and things about my family and friends than I never know why because I people interacting I learned how fun they really are and intering and happy. Have fun where is the computer. Please don't your life live your life. It's now or never should 'people spend more time on or more time exercising. interacting with family and friends.",3.1069381
"Yes and no, some materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc, should be voted upon the citizens to be removed from shelves.          I do think that some materials in those catagories should be removed if they are offensive to me as well as others, but it will take a long while to get them removed from stores and other places if other people like them. I do not like how they make some music to be very violent and cause minds of most teenagers to turn bad and start selling drugs on the street of their hometown, but i can't do anything about that because that kind of music is admired by those teenagers as well as some adults too. If some people can buckle down and see that stuff like that will mess up lives of teenagers and some adults who fall victim to it, then there is a chance that it can be stopped. Stopping things like this will save a community from disaster and cause other good chances in life for people in need for those chances.     Here's another example, like this music artist named @CAPS1 @CAPS2. She has made some great songs for the past year and a half now. People have told me that she is part of a group called @CAPS3 and its a group where they try to I think 're-birth' thereselves. My friends wanted me to stop listening to her music. I told my friends that I do not like the fact that she joined this group, but that doesnt mean im gonna stop listen to her music. Now if she makes a song that is offensive to me and as well as my friends, then that where I draw the line.     What im saying is that if people don't have others to back them up if something is highly offensive to them and oblivious to others, it will be very hard trying to prove yourself in the best way possible.",3.290413
"Should offensive material be censored?     Removing things such as books, music, movies, magazines, ect., that are found offensive could be both good and bad. It could be good because younger children wouldn't be exposed to things that are considered offensive. Although, it could be bad because it takes away from freedom of choice. Most young children don't know good from bad, so censoring these things for them could be good. Though, you shouldn't want to shelter your children from the real world. Protecting your children from things that offend you, @MONTH1 stop them from growing up badly. Censoring such stuff now doesn't really change what is already out there.     Censoring or removing things that you find offensive @MONTH1 be a good idea. There are plenty of reasons someone @MONTH1 want to do this. A parent @MONTH1 not want their child to read, hear, or see something simply because it offends them. Another reason parents @MONTH1 want to censor these things is just because they don't want their child exposed to it. Parents know that most young children don't know right from wrong, so they'd like to make that choice for them. By doing this, a parent knows what their child is reading, hearing, or seeing. Some parents @MONTH1 feel that they need to protect their children from these things because it could be harmful to them. They also @MONTH1 feel this should be done so their child doesn't grow up badly.     Removing offensive material from shelves would take away from a person's freemdom of choice. Who wants to be told what they can and cannot read? If a parent does this to their child, it just sheltering them from the world around them. A child should be able to know the life around them before they grow up and are completely lost. Parents @MONTH1 think that this is good idea because it protects their children from things that @MONTH1 be considered bad. When really, protecting them could be harmful. Censoring books, movies, music, ect., won't stop what is already bought and out in our world. Offensive music, movies, books, ect., have already been bought and sold for years.     I feel that censoring or removing books, music, movies, magazines, ect., should not be done. It doesn't give people a choice. Some people @MONTH1 like reading graphic novels or things like that. Music is made for the enjoyment of the people. Some people like their music to talk about drugs or curse, why take that away from them? It just wouldn't be fair to take a choice away from someone. A movie is just a movie, it's not real. Just because something is done in a movie doesn't mean that a person will go off and do it. I think people should be able to have a choice.     Censoring such stuff now doesn't really change what is already out there. If people stopped to think about it, they would realize that offensive material has already been bought by others. Plenty of people have illegaly downloaded, or bought music that uses inapropriate language. This music is already in their iPods, @NUM1's, and burned onto @CAPS1, there's no removing it. Books that some @MONTH1 find offensive have already been printed and sold to others. One person @MONTH1 lend that book to another, therefore the offensive book is being spread around. Plenty of movies that involve adult content, violence, and drugs have been released into the media. Lots of people own these kinds of movies. So, why censor things now, when there's already unremovable offensive material out?",3.9455013
"Yes I do believe that certain books, movies, music, etc., should be removed. They should be put in a different position for children unable to find in the area. Because certain materials in the objects listed can start off bad behavior.        In order to keep the objects from being found from childern is to set them in a different area. Some where childern are unable to reach. like in high areas like the top of the shelf, or the closet, maybe the attic. For better safe keepings place the certain objects you feel that can give childern bad ideas in a personal safe. where no one is able to get things out.         It is important for some items to be seen, listened to, or watched for older people.For example, books can provide pictures for childern to do things that arn't right in there cerent age. Music can talk about stuff that that person done, and make that child want to do it because they might think its cool cause the artist does it. For the magazines they show articals of rapper, actors, and other famous people doing somthing wrong. showing a bad example for the child.Now for the materials they should be hidden in a place where no child would think to look at. Because the materials some times harm the child or maybe even put the child in the hospital.    From experience I have thouched or took some material I shouldn't have messed with and the outcome wasn't good. From that experience I've learned not to thouch with items I know not to mess with.     Thats why it is important to keep certain items from childern. Because the outcome maynot be what you wanted. serious actions might come from the objects, and later on come from the same child that either listed to, saw it, or looked at it. So make sure the items are safe from childern hands",3.072041
"A large amount of people use computers daily, but not everyone agrees this technology benefits society. I think that computers benefit our way of life in many ways. This very useful technology has a positive effect on people because, it allows people to send, receive, and research a vast variety of information easily. @PERCENT1 of people use the computer to get information and get it more quickly than reading a book about that specific topic. They say that this powerful technology has been more effective and quicker. My cousin and I were both given the same research paper to do. He used several books to get information on the topic and I used the computer. The project took me @NUM1 days to do, while it took him a whole week to complete. @PERSON1, computer programming expert, said, ""Computers have made receiving information so much faster. I vehemently believe that everyone should own this device. Moreover, computers help with communication. There are many ways to keep in touch with people over the world, like email, chat rooms, and websites like @CAPS1 and @CAPS2. These websites are a great tool to keep in touch with family and friends or even fans. @PERSON2, lead singer of the band @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION1, said ""@CAPS1 is a way to talk to the fans directly ad post updates about upcoming tours and albums. Not only isit great for bands but it is great for college students. My older brother is a college student and we communicate through these websites so it seems like he is never that far away. The computer can also help with business. Meeting can be done through @ORGANIZATION2 or a different webchat service. Emails are a great way to send information. @NUM2 of business meetings are held over the internet has benefited work ethics. Please heed my advice and use the internet and computer. It will benefit your way of communication and your way of getting information.",3.5630238
"libraries arcross the world contain all kinds of books, so good and some bad. theres always gonna be something in a book that @MONTH1 offend the reader or someone close to the reader. it just depends how sensitive people are. the main reason people want to ban books or have them removed from libraries is because of racial slurs, relgion, and sexual content.       i think it should be the libraries choice to either put the book on the shelf or to take it down. magazines are an issue along with movies and different kinds of music. according to some libraries are just trashed with vulgar, racial, or bad movies, books, ect. if the parents are scared of there children being able to rent these things, they need to put some sort of block on them. if you want to rent bad things you should have to have parental permition.      taking all of these things out of the library is not a soulution. all it does is create anger and leads to lawsuits and more. the library needs to make sections of different rated books so that kids wont be able to get the 'bad' books in there hands.alot of the nooks in libraries have meaning even if the book uses foul language or hate etc. it shows the mood of the story or how the charachter really feels inside. if stories like '@CAPS1 in The @CAPS2' didnt have anger, emotion, or the passion it has it would be a boring book. authors put language, sexual content, and violence in books, movies, and magazines to entertain certain crowds. if you take these things away certain people will not have the entertainment they have enjoyed with the things they have read or things could possibly read",3.4224398
"Dear Newspaper, Computers are not a benfit for us because we spent to much time on them not every one has a computer and they cost of a computer. Every one dosen't know how to use it. If we timed many hours we spend on the computer people would be amazed at what they sound. People spend looking up random things when they could be outside rideing biks or going sur awalk. And you cant do that with a computer. Not everyone hase a computer because that cost so much @MONEY1 a bacik computer can cost upwards of @NUM1 and more and thats @MONEY1 sur ther computer. Then you have to pay sur the internet witch can so sur @NUM2 a month. And you have to pay for surton aps like (windos, microsoft ect.) The bill on a computer up outer a while and people dont relize that when they are payings for the internet they arnt getting allot what the cable com sars they on giving you. Not every are knows how to use a computer lik older adults dont know how to really know use the full ptonole of a computer. Because they never learnd how to use computer. In this is the computer arnt a hose help for our society.Coose of the time and the cost and the knolage on computers.",2.9158907
"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 you think computer have good or bad effects on people? It has been bought to @CAPS10 mind that people fight about @CAPS3 computers to @CAPS2 a doubt I think that computers have a positive on people. @CAPS10 think arguments are people find ability in talk online with other people and help with school work. First of all computers gieve in ability to learn about faraway places. This is really helpful @CAPS3 you @CAPS3 you want to learn about @CAPS4 you can go at the computer end google ""@CAPS4 @CAPS6"". By doing this you'll find a lot of info on @CAPS4. I should I tried it before. So that computers giving you this ability to learn about faraway places is really helpful to the human society. Second of all computers people to talk to other people around the world. This is really helpful @CAPS3 you want to learn about people from around the world. This is different than googling fatcs about other people. This is free because @CAPS3 you google @CAPS3 your online chat with someone you have a In @CAPS10 thoughts thats the best way to is helpful friends and family @CAPS3 they dont have of all computer can help with school work. This is helpful students could and the world or about a different This remind me of the time I had to @CAPS1 a project about the nine planets. I had to find a lot of info so that also means a lot of books and a lot of reading. So these I the easiest and fastest way to @CAPS1 @CAPS10 project. I went on the internet in @CAPS10 and get all the info that I needed. So then I completed @CAPS10 project and headed it in to @CAPS10 teacher. She gave me a @PERCENT1 for a project grade. I got a @PERCENT1 because I misspelled @CAPS10 name, but that doesnt matter. What I am to tell you is that computers help students with school work like projects. @CAPS2 thinking I know that computer have a positive effect on @CAPS10 three arguments is that computers give you ability to learn about faraway places, allow you to talk online with other people, and help you with school work. Please take @CAPS10 side and think that computers have a positive effects on human society.",3.5323954
"When you walk into your local library there are thousands of books, magazines, movies, etc. You have different types and styles of books. There are fiction and nonfiction, comedy, horror, children books, and many more. Also what you might not know is some libraries have books that are either sexual, violent, disruptive, and aren't appropriate for young children. They could also have movies and magazines like that and that is not a good influence.     When a young child walks into a library, they would expect to find a book with color, action, pictures, etc. But while they're browsing around they could run into a certain book thats not meant for them and they could end up becoming influenced. A book that is inappropriate for a child could possibly affect a childs life because they could go out into reality and try to immitate a book they have read and it could end up being the wrong decision.     Inappropriate movie and magazines, such as pornagraphic magazines or pictures, rated @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 movies, shouldn't be allowed in a library. Items like that should be sold in a separate store. Items like these are meant for adults only. We should try to inspire our young children to do whats right and not try to convince them to do anything in a negative way. If you are going to have any of these items kept in your home, then keep them in a place where children can not find them.     The generation that we live in now, most young people only focus on gang violonce, sex, rap music, and drugs and you can find all of this material in movies, books, and songs. If we keep all of these negative minded items out of public places such as libraries and even homes, then there could possibly be some change. Most rap songs you hear these days are either talking about violence, sex, or drugs. Most music should have a positive message to it.      I feel if I see a book, movie, magazine, etc., sitting on a shelf where a young person can see it, I feel I should have the right to remove it because society is not like what it use to be and if we make a change like this, then I feel a few things can change. Eventhough I'm still young I feel my teenage generation should stop all the violence and stop becoming influenced by everything they see or hear, and if we focus on the more important things in life, then this world can be a whole different place.",3.805204
"When going to a library you expect to see various books, movies, music, magazines, and maybe other items. If a person is looking for a book that maybe could be offensive to a race, culture, religion, or etc., they should still be able to check out that book. Libraries shouldnt be able to control those situtations, because it's a persons choice or adults choice to read those kinds of stories.     In our country we are allowed to express our opinion by the @CAPS1. The @CAPS1 includes free speech which insures that anyone can express their personal feelings or their opinion on certain matters. If a person would want to check out a book that could offended another individual technically by the law they have the right to do so. I'm not condoning that someone should read books, listen to music, or even watch movies that could be hateful or cruel, but by the law its ok for people to want to read, listen, or watch those works.      Libraries are government funded organizations. Therefore meaning they dont have the right to disregard these works. The government pays for the books that are purchased into the library. This means they need books that people would want to read, and be interested in even though some gruops of people might not agree its there job.      I'm not encouraging reading these novels or listening to offensive music, but as citizens of the @LOCATION1 we are allowed to listen to what we want, and read anything we want, because thats what our country is meant to stand for freedom. When I think of @LOCATION2 i think freedom, and i have to say I'm proud our country stands for that, and we should  stand for that freedom even when it comes to the small things in life",3.3371906
"Dear @CAPS1, I am writing you this letter to give you my opinion on computer use. In my opinion, I think that some people use and rely on computers too much. Wether it be for a research project, talking to friends, and even answers for homework. Everyday millions of people are on the computer for hours straight. Moving your fingers doesnt count as exercise and it wastes energy. Many people I know would die if they didn't have a computer because friends are on or made because they need if for homework. These type of people need to be taught how to get things done withou technology because are day it might fail. Some students rely on there technology to work orthey will fail. These children need to be taught that there is other ways to do things. Like hanging out with friends, reading a book, and even doing their homework. Since students rely on their computers so much then always on them. Every day people I know go home and jump on @CAPS2 for the rest of the day. They never can do anything like going outside and doing sports. Many kids do not do any type of athletic sport. Obessity is a huge problem in the @LOCATION1 are the numbers keep increasing drasticlly. Everyone thinks that it is beging caused by bad eating habbits, thats only half of it. People overusing their computer is also a big problem. Children around the @LOCATION1 are stuck on their computers all day checking message, and seting up pictures. While these children are on the comptuer they dont even think they just chow down on ""@CAPS3"". This comptuer usage problem is beging to become at bigdeal with the obessity and hold much people rely on it for basically everything. So we need to be the first people to stop this befor it forms bad. This could be a huge problem in the future. So lets start to cut our usage time down now.",3.369544
"These days there are many kinds of merdia in the liberaries beside books. There are musics, movies, magazines and many more. There are all kind of things and resources that you can find from liberaries. Do you think that certain materials should be removed from the shelves it they are found offensive? What do you think? I think it shouldn't remove. Even it is stuff that you don't want children to know, they will know someday. Once we remove it from the shelves then more things, the informations are going to removed. After all, nothings is going to be leaft.     There are a lot of imfornation in this world. Growing children learn all kind of stuff from parents, book and from other medias. Parent want to let their children to learn much as possible. However there are sutten things that parent doesn't want the children to learn. You need to think this way. That children will grow up and become adult, then they will know any way. Why would you move from the shelves, if they are going to know about it some how? What is a point about it? Doesn't removing from the shelves helps children to not know about it? I don't think there is a point to do that.     Katherine Paterson, the Author, said 'All of us can think of a books that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf. But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf that work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else. And then we have no books on the shelf for any of us'. I agree with Katherine. Once, the books or other mediea get removed because of some reason, other things are going to removed because of other reasons. I don't think it should be remove, like Katherine said there are nothing gonna leaft for the children. If nothing gonna leaft for the children what is main point of having libaries?     I believe the certain materials, such as books, music, magazines and many more, should be removed from the shelves it they are found offensive, because children will know and need to know to be adualt. Also there is nothing gonna leaft for the children in the libareries",3.0451326
"I believe that many books in our local libraries @MONTH1 come off as crude or offensive to many readers, but I also believe it has a lot to do with the maturity level of some people. For instance, if you are an adult you will most likely be looking in the adult section. There @MONTH1 be children who look through that same section, although their parents should be monitoring what they are checking out at their local libraries.              Although maturity has a lot to do with it, some young adult books probably aren't intended for the people reading them. Some young adult books @MONTH1 be venturing too far, and the children who are reading these books probably shouldn't be. I don't think that everyone should have access to check out whatever they want whenever they want. Many parents have different rules for their children then others, and they @MONTH1 not agree with what is displayed among these shelves for their child to checkout. I remember times when I was a little my parents didn't always let me check out what I wanted, because I was too young to be viewing it in the first place          As for adults, they are free to make their own choices on what to checkout. I don't think the adult section at the libraries should be monitored all that much, because as an adult you are free to make your own decisions. You know whats right and whats wrong, and no one person should have to tell you what you should or shouldn't be reading.     The area that I would be most concerned with would be the young adult section. At that point children are at an awkward growing stage were they themselves are still learning whats right and wrong. Some books or movies could effect the young viewers dramatically. Their parents @MONTH1 be letting them watch horrific movies, and it could make them feel as if what they're watching is really okay. I think parents should be very involved in their children's lives, and closely monitor what their children are reading or watching.     I do feel that some books should be monitored, and taken off the shelves if they are found inappropriate for the intended age. Mostly in the children and young adult sections, because they could be taking in information they shouldn't be. I also feel that parents should take a part in their childs life, and set limits to what their child is aloud viewing. Above all, I think that everyone should check out books in their appropriate age section",3.754558
"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 you imagine a world without computers? Well I @CAPS1't because I think computers are great. First of all if you have a computer you @CAPS1 meet new people. Second you @CAPS1 do projects on them or homework if you need to. Lastly in a computer you @CAPS1 basically find out anything you want to know. Read ahead and discover why I think computers are great. Who doesn't like meeting new people, because I do. If you wanted to get new friends or find anyone who go to your school and you might not now you @CAPS1 look them up on your computer. Also if you had nobody to talk to one time you @CAPS1 go on the computer and try to meet new people. I know I do that all the time. Lastly it doesn't hurt anymore to make friends or talk to people online. it's actually fun once you try it. So that's why I think one reason that computers are great is because of the people you meet. Second reason why computers are great is because if you have to print something or make a project a computer @CAPS1 help. My science teacher always wants assignments printed and how @CAPS1 I do that with out a computer. Also if one day you forgot your homwork or any assignments just ask a friend online of if you have a school website look on it. Therefore computers are great because all assignments look ,better when they are printed. My last reason is because on a computer you @CAPS1 pretty much look for anything. For example, say you wanted to find a place to go to and you didn't have a adress or anything, you @CAPS1 always check on the computer. Also if their is a problem or something with you house, car, bills, or anything you @CAPS1 always see if you @CAPS1 get any hekp on internet. Lastly if you wanted to buy anything and you could't find it any stare you @CAPS1 just get it online. So basically like I said you @CAPS1 do anything. In conclusion I think omputers have a great effect on life. First you @CAPS1 meet how people or friends. Second you @CAPS1 do projects or homework. Lastly you @CAPS1 basically do anything on a computer. So that's why I think computers are great and they @CAPS1 help alot in life instead of hurting anyone.",3.511944
"Dear Local newspaper, @CAPS1 you know that every @NUM1 out of @NUM2 obese children spend @NUM3 or more hours a day on a computer? Computer @MONTH1 be fast and convient, but why of computer our country is one of the most obese countries in the world because of the ""technology"". Computers are bad for humans because they keep people from enjoying nature, keep people from spending quality time with their families, and they give people less time to excersice. First off, people can't enjoy nature. As you know, forest are being chopped down and pollution is destroying our world. People need to see how beautiful our world is if we really want to save it. Second, being on a computer makes you stay inside. People stay inside for at least 6-@NUM2 hours a day depending on your job or if you are in school. Lastly, @CAPS2, computers take away from time that should be spent with friends or family. First people will became anti-social. When being on computer for a long time, people will forget how to interact with others. With millions of people like that, our society will soon become choos. @CAPS2, some people do all of their they get obsessed and then their family @MONTH1 leave them. They will they fall into a depression. Last, computers are a waste of time, money and effort. This shows why computers are bad. Lastly, being on a computer gives you less time to exsecise and stay healthy. First of all, people will get fat. With less time to exersize, people can't burn the calories and will get obese. Then, without excersice, peoples' bobies will become more prone to diease and injury. Last but not least, people without healthcare won't be able to pay the medical bills and @MONTH1 become homeless. This is why computers are bad.",3.8121378
"AS WE ALL KNOW, ALL KINDS OF INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND IN A LOCAL, BOOK STORAGE FACILITY, COMMONLY REFERED TO AS A LIBRARY. ALL KINDS OF KNOWLEDGE IS IN THIS LITTLE AREA, BUT, IS SOME OF THAT INFORMATION INAPPROPRIATE ENOUGH TO BE IN A PUBLIC PLACE?     MANY LIBRARIES @MONTH1 POSSESS ON THEIR SHELVES BOOKS AND MAGAZINES AND EVEN MUSIC CONTAINING EXPLICIT MATERIAL, AND HOW COULD YOU AVOID IT? IN A MODERN WORLD, THERE'S GOING TO BE LANGUAGE AND PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES THAT WOULD BE FOUND OFFENSIVE TO OLD PEOPLE AND VIEWERS OF PUBLIC BROADCASTING. YES, I AGREE SME MATERIAL CAN AND SHOULD BE IN SEPARATE AREAS THAT MAINSTREAM MATERIAL, BUT ON A WHOLE, WHO CARES?I MEAN, MOST ORDINARY PEOPLE DON'T. I KNOW I DON'T. CENSORSHIP IS STUPID, BECAUSE MOST OF THE STUFF IN LIBRARIES, IF YOU HAVEN'T HEARD OF IT YET, YOU WILL SOON, NO MATTER WHAT CENSORSHIP STEPS ARE TAKEN BY LIBRARY OFFICIALS",3.124276
"Should certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?     I do not think that certain materials should be removed for many reasons. Many different people have many different thoughts on whats offensive and what isn't like some people will find something funny that some people @MONTH1 think is nasty or inapropiate. If you was to take things off the shelves that someone found offensive there probably wouldn't be much left on the shelves because everybody has they're own oppenion. I agree that certain things shouldn't be seen by young eyes but thats the parents decision, not everyone has the same view on the material.     Certian materials should not be removed from shelves because of one persons oppenion on it. Everyone has they're own oppenion, some people like what other people don't everyone is different in they're own way",2.731958
"Have you ever wanted something removed from the shelves of a library because you thought it was offensive? If so, how did you go about the situation and what did you want done about it? I know in my experiences I have found some things that were offensive, so I am sure that they are out there. I think there are so many rules, qualifications, or standards that can give someone reason to take something off a shelf, and those can be different for everyone.      If you were in a children's library or a school library, I am sure most people would agree that any book with offensive language, situations, opinions, etc. should be removed from the shelves. Now if you were in a public library in the teenage or adult section and those same books that were inappropriate for the children's library are in the teenage or adult section, that might be admissable. The audience is different; therefore, the types of literature, music, movies, etc. can be more opinionated, mature, and controversial. Part of why something should come off of a shelf depends on who is going to be reading it or listening to it.     In my opinion, there is a fine line as to what can be considered too controversial or too mature. @CAPS1 is one reason why I think there should be censorship because some things are definitely too controversial or mature. Although, I also think there should be guidelines, and perhaps rules, on what should be allowed on shelves and what should not because some things might be on the edge of the line, but depending on what it is it can be, for example, a learning tool or great read.     As Katherine Paterson said, 'But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else.' @CAPS1 is why I think there should be guidelines or rules. If everyone had the right to remove something from a shelf, there might not be anything left to read or listen to. Different things are offensive to different people. If there were rules or guidelines, that would ensure there would still be things to read and listen to in the future.     I think there should be censorship in libraries. Some pieces of work are just too offensive, and they need to be taken off the shelves. I think it would be appropriate for some rules to be developed or some guidelines to be created. As Paterson stated, 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.'",4.1382036
"I believe that they should not be pulled off of the shelf if they are found to be offensive. Many people have there own taste in what they like to read, write and do. Therefore, there should be a wide variety of these things on the shelfs so people can do what they enjoy best.     Books and magazines @MONTH1 be offensive, but they @MONTH1 also entice the reader. i personally love books about drugs, sex, and many other inappropriate things. In fact my favorite book is banned from my school library. If they took all inappropriate books out of they library. What would i read? not everything can be just peachy kin all the time. Its not in real life, so why should we have to read a little fantasy world that we know isnt true? I know i would'nt want to read that.      Just like books and magazines, every one has their own taste in music. some like country, classical, metal, and maybe even rock. If you took the songs that were offensive off the shelf that would make people angry. That's like not playing a song on the radio thats offensive, and many songs played on the radio are degradeing to women. if it can be played on the radio. Why cant it be in a library? there going to be able to listen to that song on the radio anyway.     Most movies these days are very gory or offensive in many aspects. Many people are interested in these movies. If you can watch that movie in a movie theatre, why cant you check it out of a library? Some people go to check out movies that are shown in school so they can watch it if they were absent. What would they do if that movie got taken off the shelf? Fail? I know i would become angry if that would happen to me.     Keep offensive books, music, movies, and magazines on the library shelfs. People will eventually see them, hear them, and watch them even if its not in the library. Even if you take out offensive materials there still going to get them sooner or later no matter what you do",3.664294
"READ WITH @CAPS1     I do not believe that libraries carry the responsibilty to censor reading materials. When a person enters a library, they immediately must infer that, because libraries are place in which knowledge is accumulated, that some of that information they find @MONTH1 not cooincide with what they believe. If a person believes a book is offensive, they can just as easily put it down as they had picked it up.     Obviously, however, there are certain exceptions. Childrens' sections, of course, should be limited to those intended for younger readers. Putting '@CAPS2 and @CAPS3' into a childrens' section hardly seems logical. just as much as putting '@CAPS4 @CAPS5' into the adults section.     In addition, author @PERSON1 once stated that if she was able to ban a book from a library, the same right would have to be given to all other patrons as well. Thus leading to all the books in a library being unable to be read. the knowledge contained within them unknown.     There are, as with any ordinance, exceptions. For example, if a library is intended solely for the use of younger audiences, censorship should hardly be considered a crime. The exclusion of inappropriate items, such as permisquous reading material, keeps childeren from formulating ideas about concepts they @MONTH1 not be able to fully understand.     With all these things considered, banning books from a library hardly seems to be the best course of action. A library should be a place of enlightenment. Opposing ideas should be presented. Leaving the readers to formulate their own decisions about what they believe. Because books are like atoms. When two opposing types collide, a burst of energy is released.",3.8310752
"Dear Newspaper, I am writing to you @DATE1 because think computers really effect people in a bad way. I say this becuause @CAPS1 you go on the internet you do not get that much excirse. You also don't get good grades at all! That's bad thing. Plus when on a computer there are some really wierd people. I really want you guys to hear out my story. Go outside! @CAPS3 mom I'm on the computer! @CAPS1 your on the computer to much you want want to get exersce. @CAPS1 you don't get excise you won't be healthy! you want get excise. Also you will obese you don't want that! For instance when your in gym class you want to be healthy. So you can and you will get a good grade. Do you want a bad grades? That sums it up on. You got an @CAPS2! On your report card? When you spend alot of your time on a computer then you will get addicted. @CAPS1 you get addicted then you will not do your homework then your grades will drop. You will get bad grades in school. Then you have a possibilty to stay back. Plus then the parents to flipout on. This is one of my reasons why computers effect people in a bad way! When you go on the computer you have @CAPS3 clue who you are talking to unless your thier friends. There has been very many cases that kids getting stolen because of facebook and myspace. @CAPS1 your kid goes on those websites than your kids' always at danger! There are cyber and they could find out where you live that information about you. For instance there was a case on myspace that a kid thought she was talking to a @NUM1 year old boy she was really talking to a @NUM2 something year old guy. Then the girl went missing for about weeks. That was. So you can never trust a computer. When you take a real good look at computers you will see they are just @CAPS3 good. All my reasons before. They are you will not get nearly the amount of you are supose to. Your grade will plummet down @CAPS1 you stay on the computer and they trick you. So even know you can communicate with your friends. Its just not worth it.",3.5109847
"@ORGANIZATION1, In the @DATE1 computers have help man kinds. Computers are every where in a schools, homes band business across a @CAPS1. They help people in many ways depending on the what the person wants to set done. The ways that I use my computer is by staying in contact with my friends, a family, and it also helps me with my school work. I have been a live for @NUM1 @DATE1 and have already live in @NUM2 different states: @LOCATION3, @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2, and now @CAPS2 you would think I would have had lots of friends living in so many places. How do I stay in contact with them you @MONTH1 use? I use various and @CAPS3. If you get rid of computers I would not be able to stay in contact with tem anymore. Moving from place to place was very hard and sad thing to do for me. Another hard thing to do for me was moving away from my family, but thank to technology and computers I stay in contact with them. Imagine you haven't seen you family in @NUM3 @DATE1, well sadly thats my life so many birthday @CAPS4 all the family you can see is you parents. School another great example where society benefits from computers students and teachers use them everyday to learn. In my opoion learning is the greatest thing. One of my friends, @PERSON1, said this about the dell computers we use in the library @CAPS4 ever u don't get something about what we learned in @CAPS5 class that day. I use the computers to better understand it. Computers are a great way to research a topic, and thats why they should not be gotten rid of. I use computers every day for two reasons for school, researching or writing a project for any of my classes. Everyday I spend at least @NUM4 our writing something up for school. Computers help lessen the time spend writing it because it is fast and easy it is easy to type something, like a @CAPS6 paper on the ways to persuassive the readier. In the end computers are something we I need in are life because it makes life simpler. If I was to send a message to some of my friends in @LOCATION2 through @CAPS7 it would take seconds. Instead if I was to use the @ORGANIZATION2 it would take days. A life with out computers is a lot harder to do things, that we cant make simpler with computers""",4.048381
"Brian @PERSON1 @NUM1 @DATE1 @CAPS1 @NUM2                                    Censorship in Libraries          Should there be censorship in Libraries? If this is a @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 library no, but if it is a @ORGANIZATION1 library, yes. I am going to tell you what I think about the books, movies and magazines.          First I'm going to tell you about the books. I think the books in a @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 should not be censored because parts of history get kind of gross and nasty. Then also sex ed books need to be in the library so people can read about it and not just go with what other people say. I don't think they should matter if its a nasty love book or a @CAPS2 @PERSON2 book, all that matter is that they are reading. War books should not be censored because they need to let the reader know how war really is and its not a great place to be. Now in a @ORGANIZATION1 library yes because no parent would want their eight year old daughter reading about how to make drugs. I think they could put stuff in there about drug or alcohol perhaps but not go in depth, but keep it at a bare minimum.           Next  I'll talk about the movies they should have avalible in the library. I don't think anything over @NUM3 at a @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 level. Exept like sex ed tapes and history movies, no free days in class, its got to be @NUM3. In @ORGANIZATION1 I it should be @CAPS3-@CAPS4 movies. In those grade they really dont watch educational films it's all for fun films, so theres no reson for there to be anything worse than @CAPS3-@CAPS4.          Last I'm going to tell you about magazines. In @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 I don't think the magazines are a big issue. Just as long as theres not @CAPS7 and stuff like that. At the @ORGANIZATION1 leave again I think they should be, kids that age shouldn't be reading @ORGANIZATION2. They just need to have learning and for fun magazines.          Should there be censorship in libraries? No at the @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 level and yes at the @ORGANIZATION1 level. @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 leave the book shouldn't @ORGANIZATION1 they should, should in both @ORGANIZATION1 movies, and magazines shouldn't in @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 and should in @ORGANIZATION1.",3.4609573
"I think that everyone has different views on different things so I dont think that they should be because if they would be that would be against the first amendment where it says everyone have the freedom of religion and speech.  If you disagree with the book or whatever it @MONTH1 be you can just ignore it and keep walking and never have to pay any attention to it.  People these days are taking things way to far with their opinions.     People need to mind their own business and stop thinking the world revolves around them.  There several billion people in the @LOCATION1 and every person looks at thing slightly different and this should be taken into consideration when the get mad just because there is a book or movie on the shelf of the library.  For example I like movies with comedy and sometimes a scary movie but girls @MONTH1 not like scary movies and @MONTH1 like movies with droma or somthing in that line.  Just because we like different things doesn't mean we should have to put just a so certain kind of books or movies on the shelf.       Yes, there are movies that I dont like because they stand for things that are against my religion but I dont stand around and say no one should watch these movies because just because I dont beleive in them doesn't mean I should judge other people for it.  I know some people feel that everyone one should look at things the same way as they do and everyone should should agree and get along but that is not how it is and no matter how much you want people to agree and get along it will never happen.  I think people need to mind their own business and let people read, listen to, and watch whatever they want to and it should not affend anyone.     I know people like to think that they know everything there is to know just because they have their own ways and thoughts.  People like this you can argue with and you will never win the arguement and you can never get them to understand how you look at it. They just think think my way is the right way and the only way.       This is the way I feel about people getting mad when there is a book or movie on the shelf that they dont not agree with.  I just think that evryone should try to undersatnd what you are saying and listen to you instead of ignoring you.  I feel this way but I am not a person that is tuck in their ways where you cant change their mind.",3.2288494
"Computers are over used and controll the minds some people. Computers are parcally to @CAPS1 for americas high obesity percentage. Americas teens are not doing homework. And noteveteing time into school because of computers. These high tech machines should be outlowed and given to only those who truly need them. People spend way to much time on computers. The time people spend on the computer is time they should be exersizing. Computers make people obees studys show that @PERCENT1 of obees americans admit to being adicted to the computer. This is why computers are bad. The internet on computers is unsafe. Expers say that popular chating sites such as myspace are the reason for the sudden incroas in murders, and rapings. The number of convicted criminals as well as sex affenders i tramendus. Yet parents lot the children on them. People don't understand the troubles computers cause. Besides the other factors computers retard teens learning. Teh comkputer is suposed to be a helpful tool and used for leanring. But computers are being used for other things. Computers encourage kids not to study or do homework. Although those are useful becoming sites and tools, these tool arent used often. Computers hurt people in many ways. America should have off computer week to fight back from its evil grie on children. I hope one day we can all turn off out computers for good.",3.3366878
"To my opinion computers have a negative effect on people I think it has a negative because it causes people to get less exercise you spend less time with your family and friends and it distracts you from things get done. First of all computers have a negative effect on people because it causes them to get exercise. For example, there are many football, soccer and baseball games practicingg these they will just computer on the webcam all night. Another way is that you can get work done. WIthout even leaving your house. You can shop online, stay home and work online, and even go to college those things include getting out around, but now you can just day and do those things and be lazy. Second, the computer causes you to interact with people less. Now, when family or friends. i went over my I sat right and she didn't even look at me playing computer games. i know that a lot more kids too because I was reading in a magazine that @PERCENT1 of interacting with their kids as much as they got a computer. Lastly, i think the computer has a negative effect because it them. It distracts kids conversations first of all when people to talk with someone on the computer it is very hard because, they are absorbent in they're doing. Secondly, the computer distracts kids from homework. I know this first hand, because wherever I have in type up assignments I get and end up going on different websites, and not getting my work done. lastly, it distracts kids from household chores. Some kids just put them to the side and forget to do them because they're budy playing game or surfing the web. i know that if I did I'd get in big trouble. Those are the reasons why I think the computer has a negative effect on people. Because, it causes them to get less exercise, they don't interact with people, as much, and it distract them. So unless you want all those things happening to you, I suggest you spend less those on the computer!",3.5048618
"Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers have a positieve effect on people. They do because you can talk to others online, it allows you to get research done faster and they are much more efficent and easy to use i will further explain my reasons. First of all, computers allow you to talk to others online. Talking to others online can give you good communication skills and you can get to know different people. I always talk to my friends online. We talk to each other using webcams, instany messaging, or talking on a social site like facebook. Computers and webcams can allow you to talk to friends who have moved away or for relatives. Next, computers allow you to get research done quicker. Studies shown that @PERCENT1 of people prefer using a computer to find information for any type of paper than an enclyepdia or other book. Computers are much more efficent and easier to use than books. It can agree that computers are much more efficent and that i like to use them. If you use a computer to get research done than you can be done sooner than you know it. Finally, computers are more efficent and easy to use. If you give a person to coose from a computer or a set of encyelpedias, most people would choose the computer. Computers are so much easier to use than books. On the comuter you just type in what you are looking for in search bar a boom within a tenth of a second your results are there. Now, if you use a book or enclyelpedia it could take several minutes to find what you are looking for, and then they only give very little information, unlike a computer that can give you millions of results for one topic. This proves that computer are more efficent than books. In conclusion, i believe that computer have a posieve effect on people. I do because you can talk to people online, it allows you to get research done quicker, and computers are more efficent and easy to use. I hope you will agree with me and my thoughts about computers.",3.5538561
"People should ues computers, they do benefit to society. More and more people use them @DATE1 and agree that these vertual portals of information and comunication are extremely helpful. Think about it, paper is made out of trees and of coarse to get the paper you must cut down the tree first, and then have it an through a whole wasteful process to get that paper.If everyone used computers we wouldn't have to cut down those beautifully, lush trees. And also, have you ever needed to get information fast? Well instead of going through a book and possibly searching for hours, finding that information on the internet would be so much faster! Lastly, in the future everything will eventually be run with computers, they are the then now and later! They'll never get old! Computers are extremly helpful with endless information. A lot of people @DATE1 are very sensitive about our enviroment and how we're treating the earth. They are looking for new ways to help the world be as green as possible. An easy alternitive for paper is a computer. Once for school i was assigned a paper; i looked up the information on the computer easily, typed it up, and sent it by email to my teacher. Not a single peice of paper had been used! Ok so i know, computers use up a lot of energy, but to be honest they don't have to. Many people around the world use solar panels to gain their energy from the sun to power their lights, computers, etc.! The use of computers is extremely eco friendly and like i said before is a great alternitive to our everyday wasteful use of paper and pencil. Do you want to look up information fast? Well on the computer you can! All you do is type in what you need in a search engine and @CAPS1! you have the info you need! Instead of using a book (which wastes trees) to slowly find your information you can use a simple computer to do the job. A poll was token and shows that @PERCENT1 of students at @CAPS2 @CAPS3 school who use the computer to look up information get faster and more accurate results! Do you want that or slow information found in a boring book? The future is not far away. It is already @DATE2 and we are using the computer for so much. Ok so the computer does show to cause distractions and headaches if used too long, but it is a great invention of the future. Instead of going to a restaurant and ordering off we'll order of computers/touch screans. More and more people are coming up with beter and faster computers. Everyone is using computers and love it and they will difenetly be used in the future. I hope you see how amazing computers can be. They're enviomentaly useful and a great alternitive to paper, they help you find the information you need fast, and proffesor grant states"" i do all my work on the computer, without it i would be lost."" And lastly they are the future of our world! They are the then now and later of the technical world.",4.194868
"Should books, music, movies, and magazines be removed if found offensive? Well i think that they they should be put to a vot for everyone, who goes to that library, to decide. That some might not find it offensieve as others do. No because people have different beleafs than others.     I think they should be put to a vote for everyone, who goes to that library, to decide because the staff might think its morally incorrect and morally offensive. But others like the people checking out the books might think differently then the staff. The staff is not the one who reads all the books their customers do.     Some might not find it offensive as other do because every one person thinks differently. No one person thinks the same reson unless they have been told what another person thinks. the library might loss its people if they take a book out for the wrong reason. Weather they like it or not all books teach a lesson about life.     No because people have different beleafs then others. In one culter that book might be aloud and they might live around that library. So that would make then miss out on going to the library for books. For example, if the library choose to take out the bible and romance novels then they would loss a lot of customers. Their business would fall.     The library staff should not be aloud to choose what books are aloud because if some one has a fine they get money.  So my answer is no because they shuld put it to a vote, some might not find it as offensive as others do, and people have different beleafs than others do. No one person has the same thought that the next person does it is impossible",3.2035913
"Dear the daily newspaper crew, I have seen some of your own disagree about using computers. I for one believe that using a comenter really isn't that bad. For example, the computer is actually good for education. Many use them to create @NUM1 images of things for schoolprojects or science fair projects. I use these machines to play video games on to cure my boredum like most young teens and children do. Unlike most people I dont stay on it forever. I usually play for a couple hours. There are some downsides to having computer in the house. For one the machines use up load of energy in the house making the electric bill rise and @DATE1. On some websites there are people who try to be a stalker like the website my space and twitter but on the bright side these who try to be a stalker usually instantly get caught and put in jail. Computers actually have a positive effect on the mind and movements. For example children who have computers learn how to fly a kite or for themselves with their parents watching and they learn hand-eye. Many children who play sports that have computers actually manage to catch a ball faster than usual. So you see computers are not that bad. So please think of what will happen to children if computers are banned.",3.0846334
"If you have been a child with parents who cared, then you have heard them say, 'No you can't play that game, you can't listen to that music, or you can not watch that movie.' @CAPS1 you asked why you were not allowed the same answer was always givin, 'You're not old enough.' If you ever had the courage to ask why again they would most likely have said, '@CAPS2 if I wanted you to know then I would allow you to find out for yourself!', and that didn't get you anywhere now did it?     Now I would like for you to think back on those things you were not allowed to do, and how now that you are old enough you can do those things. How would it change things if those movies, @CAPS3's, or games had been removed from the shelves before you had the chance to get to them?  What would you and your friends have done if you didn't get to watch '@CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8' that night because some parent or other individual had had it removed from the market because they found it offensive?     I would also like for you to think about the child you @MONTH1 have or @MONTH1 plan to have, would you want your child to be subjected to such things as '@DATE1 The @NUM1' or '@CAPS9 and @CAPS10' as a @NUM2 year old? Most likely that answer is 'no', but what if, because they were found offensive, they were simply removed from existence? Then they would never see them and to some that @MONTH1 be what's right, and for those of you who think that I have some news for you, those kind of movies are still made today.  '@DATE1 The @NUM1' has been remade and is more graphic than before, and there are countless other titles that i could throw @CAPS6 you now that have some form of sexual themes, drug use, or foul language. They still exist and are becoming more and more popular among movies.  There are @CAPS11 movies that will have some sort of sexual reference, a cigarette, or a bad word in them.     You might be able to get rid of a few, but would probably never rid the shelves of all of them. But let's say that you did, that you were, in fact, able to throw away any title that contained these themes.  What would there be left to watch?  If those movies do not exist any more, then what would your kids have to be able to watch, @CAPS12 the @CAPS13 and @CAPS14-@CAPS15? Not only that, but what movies would you watch, if all movies with something offensive in them were removed then you wouldn't have anything left for yourself.  Every thing that you might like and/or think is funny in a film, but don't want your child to see is gone.     My answer to you is to not just throw everything out that @MONTH1 be offensive, or that you might not want your child to see.  Instead of going to such drastic measures to shield your child from them, but to simply not allow them to watch those movies or listen to that music. It's what I'm sure your parents did you, and I know it's what mine do to me, and guess what?  It has worked so far, so why should we change it?",4.0695896
"Do you believe that certain materials, such as books, music,movies, magazines, should be removed off of the shelves if they are offensive? My personal opinion is that they should not be removed. unless they are so inapropreate that children should not be avle to see.     That is my opinion because if readers go into the library and find an offinsive book to us might not be offinsive to him/her and his/her standards. And if it is offensive to him/her so what he/she is the one checking it out so he/she obviously knos what he/she is getting in to so there for we should not remove books off the shelves if they are offinsive, because offinsive to one is not offinsive to the other. well actually my opinion goes half and half because if the movievs and librarys are inapropreate then aldults should be the only ones to buy them.      That is my personal opinion many others @MONTH1 have different opinions on this subject but i just think every thing should just stay on the shelves. And movies sold to aldults and aldults only.",2.617224
If you take any of these books off the shelves that would be lik taking away some of our chilldhood. that wuldn't be the nicest thing to do. Even if you did take some of them off then what would we show our children when they ask what was yoour favorite book as a kid.      We will have to tell them that the library doesn't have those books anymore. the had to make room for other books. So if you would please under stand we got to read all of our parents favorite child hood books.       I mean how wuld you fel if you couldnt share that with your kids? I would be upset because my parents told me and i went out and got them from the library and I loved them to So please if you can leave the books alone,1.9472865
"Every person is different, and in being different, people have many varying veiws as to what is or is not acceptable or offensive. Something that is very offensive to one person @MONTH1 not be offensive to someone else, it is all a matter of values and beliefs. Libraries contain a variety of books, music, movies, magazines, and other materials on a variety of topics, some of which @MONTH1 not be appropriate for everyone.     I do not believe that a material should be removed from shelves just because one person or a group of people find it offensive. The offended group is not being forced to read that book or magazine, listen to that music, or watch that movie. Materials are placed in a library for the public to enjoy, not just to please certain people.      I do beleive, however, that materials should be clearly sorted in a library. If they are clearly sorted, people are less likley to take something that offends them by accident, and can completely avoid books, movies, magazines, and music that they do not to read, watch, or listen to. This can also help keep children away from unwated material.      To conclude, materials should not be removed from shelves if they are found offensive. What is offensive to one person, another person might enjoy watching, listening to, or reading. It is impossible to please everyone, because every person has different veiws, but a situation can be avoided by careful organization. If everything that was found offensive to certain people was taken off of library shelves, there would be nothing left",3.5902562
"Can you imagine a world full of lifeless zombies obsessing over technology such as computers, television, and cellular phones? Our world as we know it will come to an abrubt end if we don't stop this nonsense. Computers can cause obesity, a lack of interactment, and they waste their time on these useless items. Our world can't set aside time for such. Our planet is run by us humans and if we don't take care for its necessities, we will all die including our beloved planet @LOCATION1. Computers aren't a benefit to our society today. First off, computers can cause major obesity like it has done already. Obesity is one of the most brought up health problems in the world. Many issues cause obesity but technology (computers) take a big role in it. Instead of sitting on a computer all day, they can do something a lot more productive such as taking a walk starting a club (adult once children!), help out neighbors ect. So what if they teach hand eye cordination they don't teach us how to stay fit! Computers play a big role in the obesity factor. As adults, you should know how much obesity matters. Children are the future nobody would want the future leaders to be known for the widespread obesity. Never theless, computers take away ""bonding"" time from family and friends. Adults and children alike are lacking social needs. They don't verbally and physically interact ith their ""online friends"". And they wonder why families these days are turning out the way they are the source of the cause is computers. Anyways, people spend too much time on computers if people didn't waste so much time on computers they wouldn't be losing jobs like dropping flies. The unemployment rate is high because they suppose they ""don't have enough time"". When all their time is devoted to To computers if they took out the computers in their lives, they would have @CAPS1 of time to do such. No one wants a ""stay at home"" unemployed loser as themselves. In the end, computers are not a benefit to our poorly run society. They cause obesity, corrupt social needs and eat the people's time away, you @MONTH1 think computers allow others to ""chat"" online with their ""online friends"" but they don't provide our physical and verbal social needs which results in a low self esteem. If newspapers keep publishing articles about the ""benefits of computers."" people will soon stop believing that non sense and eventually stop purchasing these newspapers. Nobody wants to read lies, do they?",4.558544
"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers have a positive effect on people. With a computer you could do so many things! They provide plenty of information, communication, and even entertainment. The only reason some find it to be unhealthy or negative is because some people abuse their ""computer-time"". Ever used the popular website ww.google.com? Sites like this, and many more, are great when you need information. Your practically just type in a word and automatically have hundreds or thousands of links, containing information on that word, to choose from! How could so much knowledge be named unhealthy, or have a negative effect on people? Computers have dictionaries, references, translators, encyclopedias, or even history pages that hold massive informatiion. So go ahead and expand your knowledge! If you log onto one of the most famous and well-used social networking websites, such as @CAPS1 or @CAPS2, you will find a new way to communicate with friends and family. Equipped with tools and various settings to keep you safe, you can find long-lost friends or out-of-touch family members and instantly catch up. Again, many people abuse those websites, putting up harmful words, inappropriate things, but that problem can be easily solved if you ""report' them to the website manager or to an adult. You just have to know how to be safe online, if not, the computer can be a very negative object for you. If you know how to use it right, you'll enjoy messages from family or instant messages from friends. There is a wide variety of entertainment on your computer. From video-sharing websites like www.youtube.com. to gaming websites like www.onemorelevel.com. These sites provide games and many videos, or even learning aids. There are sites where you can purchase music ang movies, or even clothes and furniature. Many stores have online websites wher you can purchase items and have them shipped to your front door. How could that possibly be regroup? Also, there are video games that are specially created for the computer, that you can buy, and have installed for isntant entetainment. I mean, who doesn't like to play games or shop, without having to go through the trouble of finding time to go out and do it? I know my aunts do. So you see, computers aren't negative, unless you abuse your ""computer-time"" and waste countless hours for no reason. You need to have a limit. Without it, it's just plain weird spending all day on a computer. So have fun! Learn, communicate, entertain youself.",4.3978987
"Some experts are concerned that people are spending to much time on computers, and I believe that they are correct. Most kinds would perfer to be on the computer chatting with friends on line or spending hours on facebook but what is the point of this when there is a whole to explore, they don't enjoy natire like they should, and they spend less time with family and friends. If you are on the computer twenty four hours a day, seven days a week how are you supposed to get enough exersize? Well that's the problem you don't get any exersize. Some might disagree with me but the truth is, moving your hand over the mouse doesn't count! A recent survay has been conduched and @CAPS2 said that out of the @PERCENT1 of kids who own a computer @PERCENT2 are over-weight or indanger of being over-weight. @CAPS2 is sad to think that technology has taken over so much that @CAPS2 is ruining poeples lives. I go in the computer @CAPS1 too, but I am always sure to ride my bike after or go for a hike with my family @CAPS1 of the times I have softball practice so I'm not able to go on the computer anyway. Now what about the beautiful things in nature @CAPS1 of us are missing? The outdoors is one thing most of us take advantage on, some of us have @CAPS3 seen a day-lily are at night and new ones grow the very next day. This a facinating are might @CAPS3 see because they have a computer screen in front of their face. Kids really should learn to balance tecknology and the more important things in life like protecting nature and exercising. Yes, I know, that some will disagree by saying, ""but i am saying the rain forest, or the @LOCATION1, by being a member of this website."" @CAPS2's true you are helping but doing @CAPS2 yourself would feel a whole lot better. For example you could get a group and clean up the streets in your neighborhood or help plant trees in the park. The most important thing in life is family and friends, technology should @CAPS3 get in the way of that. If you loose everything what is the one thing your will always have? Loving family and friends of course! If family is so importand then why would kid want to be on the computer than at a family picnic? Is is because technology is taking over their life and clouding their vision of the more important things life has to offer. Don't you sometimes wish you were a little kid again running bare footed a field with your parents? That could be some what have if you got off the chair you have been sitting in for three hours straight and took a hike with your family. I might not be making much sense but being with family in person is better than instant messaging someone you just meet who lives half way across the world! I know that a ton of people are going to disagree with me when they read this but, I think technology is ruining some peoples lives. If you think about @CAPS2 a computer is like a @CAPS4-@CAPS5 @CAPS6 , @CAPS2 has a sugar sweet coating byt when you get the full force of @CAPS2, @CAPS2 traps you in and won't let go. A computer is ruining lives and experts have a right to be worried about people's health! All of us should get more exersize, spend more time in Nature, and be with family and friends more often than sitting on a chair glued to a computer screen.",3.9944606
"Libraries should censor some of the materials that they have available to the public. This is important because a child could easily gain access to the offensive material. Censorship is very important for libraries because we do not want our children getting influenced by offensive materials found in their libraries.           The libraries would not even have to get rid of the offensive materials that they took from the shelves. A good idea for them to do is to move all of them to an section for adults so the children will not be able to see them. The libraries would not be losing any money and they would be keeping the youth away from things that are not appropriate for them. Their is no reason to give people access to material that could be offensive to other people.           There are only a few reasons why I think that people should have access to offensive materials. Someone could need to use a book that has something offensive in it, but they would all be taken away to somewhere else. I think that it depends how offensive the materials are, as to whether or not they should be removed from the shelves.      Although I am sort of split on this issue, there are some very good reasons why to move the offensive materials away from the shelves. Those materials are not appropriate for the youth of our country, and they should not have access to them. We should censor the libraries so that nobody gets hurt",3.4252727
"To whomever this @MONTH1 concern, @CAPS1 your life without a laptop or a desktop computer. It would be hectic right? How will you keep up with your email or type of the articles for this very newspaper? Even though some people @MONTH1 believe that computers are taking away from exercise, enjoying nature, and spending time with family and friends, computers do have a positive effect on us. The list of reasons why is endless but three that stand out are you can communicate with people in other states or countries, it's more interesting to learn from a website than a textbook, and eventually @CAPS2 will be computerized anyway. Am I right? Have your old teachers ever assigned you a pen pal in another state or country? If yes, didn't you have to, write letters? Then, you had to wait at least @NUM1 weeks before your pen pal wrote back. If you had used computers, you would've gotten a response back within days. I know many parents and other adults @MONTH1 think that e-mails are a waste of energy but actually they're faster than letters will ever be. Has your daughter or son ever told you that reading from a textbook is boring? Yes? No? That's where computers come in. It's much more interesting to use the internet than reading from a book. I understand that some students can read from a book and retain all of the facts that they've learned from that one book but various students learn differently than that. If a student learns from the internet, they're more likely to remember it because they won't be put to sleep by the boredom of a textbook. Many people have mentioned and some statistics show that by at least @DATE1, @CAPS2 will be computerized. Do you seriously want to be the last one left behind? I wouldn't I understand that you are a person who likes to keep up with the current events so why not use your computer more often? When they say @CAPS2, they mean @CAPS2. They even have @CAPS3 tools on computer. So I want you to take a survey of how many people find computers effective and you'll be surprised. Many people will say the same that I've said. The choice is yours, which side are you on? Thank you.",3.8497372
"No i do not figure that. I say that there is some material for adults, teens and children. The children aren't going to want to read the adult books and the adults aren't going to wanna read the childrerns books the teens aren't going to want to read the childrens books but they @MONTH1 want to read the adult books and thats ok. They will be adults soon they @MONTH1 be interested. there is nothing wrong with that. If the parents do not want there teens or children reading that kindf of material then they should go with them to the libary and make them  get you approvial befor checking out the books, magazines or wwhatever it is they wanna read at the time. Movies are the samje there are different materials for each age group some age groups @MONTH1 be interested in other age groups material and thats ok doesn't maen it's wrong just means thetre maturing more and are interested or couriouse let them explore they will figurt for them serlfs if the material is righrt for them or not",2.362111
"Censorship of @CAPS1 of @CAPS2            'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf. But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- that work I abhor -- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else. And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us,' is a quote from Author, Katherine Paterson. She is saying that there are some books that most people would think to be a little graphic or shocking, but we can not take those books off the shelf because then eventually there would be no books left to read. I agree with her in the sense that we can not take certain books off the shelves in our library. We can not take them off the shelves because that would be taboo in many ways. It would be stepping into hot water because the people would be violating the authors freedom of the press, who would decide what material was right and wrong, and how far is too far when it comes to censorship. These are just a few of the many reasons this is wrong.     Taking certain books of shelves would be against our constitution. The @CAPS3 @CAPS4 gives all @CAPS5 citizens the freedom of the press. This means that they can write anything that they want without having to worry about the government's or the citizens' opinions. If we start taking certain books off shelves of libraries because they @MONTH1 include a few controversial things we are violating there natural right. Which leads me to my next argument in if we do allow censorship, who should be in charge?     So many people want to include their opinions on what is right and what is wrong. So, who are we supposed to believe? On person @MONTH1 think somthing is out of line, but the person standing next to them would think it is ordinary. That is what makes this country great. We are a mixture of many different ideas that work together for a common goal. If the government would assign someone to censoring books, magazines, or music, there would be a uproar. How can one person say if something is wrong? And if someone was allowed to censor things, what would be included? How far is to far?     This is a hard question to ask. If we were to allow one person to judge things what should be included? Would the judgement stop at just books, movies, and music? Or would it expand to judgement of clothes and lifestyles? If we implement this system of censorship, our who lives would become one big judgement. Self expression would go out the window because people would be scared of being deemed 'inapropriate.' Our world would become a puzzle of trying to fit in and to not be noticed, rather than standing out and pushing the human race forward.     There are always going to be those people who disagree with things. They find it out of place or offensive. What we have to realize is that everyone views things in different ways. We as people need to learn to accept something out of the ordinary, and try to understand where otheres are comming from. If we can do that our world would be a much better place",3.9962811
"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 you agree that people could use computers all the time and never get off. Well I don't. Think about all the negative things that could happen. Like spending less time with your family, getting addicted, and unhealthy. People who spend all there time on the computer forget that there family is there. For instance, I remember when I was little and I was on the computer and I forgot that i had family members with me, so I missed out on all the fun things like going to the mall or park. Certainly, playing on the computer is fun but woudn't you want to give some attention to your family. Almost @PERCENT1 of people in other countries be very lonely because all they @CAPS1 is play on the computer and forget about other people. You woudn't want to be like these other people right? I never thought playing on computers could be addicted. Lots of people in other countries can't last a day without playing on computers. Some say almost all the people that play on computers all day, day to night have died because they bairly eat, sleep, or use the bathroom. Imagine you life being ended because of addiction on computers. I remember when my friend told me, ""don't be on the computer to long you might die,"" and I thought it was a joke. So think about going on the computer all day and night. Not but not least, some people aren't treating their body properly. For example, some people playing on compters forget about eating, sleeping or walking around. This tends to make people's legs num and make people's stomach hurt alot. Imagine not eating, sleeping and walking around for a day. You woudn't even want to try this. Now is the time to decide, wheither people should be able to play on the computer day to night. Also all the negative things that can happen like spending less time with family members, getting addicted, and being unhealthy. So get right up and decide.",3.450884
"We have all been to a library at some point in our life. Have you ever been looking around and seen something that @MONTH1 have been offensive, or something you didnt agree with? What if you had the chance to have if takin off the shelves for good? Or, what if someone else had the choice to? Would you allow them to do so?     In my opinion, I would say no. Someone does not have the right to take reading material off the shelves, just because it @MONTH1 be offensive to them, or there way of life. I say, if you do not like it, do not look at it, it is simple as that. For example, what if you were into rap, or the hip hop culture, and someone finds that offensive? Would you give them the right to keep it from you? Or, would you really want to do that to someone else?  Lets say you are a christian, and an atheist finds the @CAPS1 offence, or untruthfull, so he has it takin off the shelves. Does that sound fair to you? If someone was to not like a certain topic or culture, or finds it offensive, all they would have to do, is simply stay away from it.     The point is, if we all were to take something off the shelves, there would adventually be nothing left. Respect what other cultures and ways of life do, and stay away from what offends you. Would you like someone to have what you like takin off the shelves? I would not, so you should not do that to other people.",3.3043447
"Do you find books you read offensive?  How about music, or magazines?  I sure don't.  I can't think of why someone would be offended about a book they chose to read.  If you sit back and think about it, there should be a low amout of reasons that someone should be offended by a book that is written for the general public.       I believe that it is possible for there to be books that have offensive words or actions in them, but unless they are directed towards the reader, or intentionally being used to offend someone then it is just a book.  A lot of books, especially ones on history, use language and actions that were used during that time.  They use them to show you and inform you on how things used to be and what it was like during the time.  Not very often, or that I have ever seen, do the authors make a book to just to put someone down.  I tend to see books just explaining things and using offensive words just to show how things were and to set a tone of the book.     Music on the other hand could be thought of as different.  Many people could take music in the wrong way.  A majority of offensive problems spawning from music come from the genre of rap.  Rappers tend to express themselves throughly, and in doing that often times use very offensive language.  I personally don't get botherd by the music, because they are usually refering to their own life and how things went with them.  Music can also be on the good side too.  When you get the calm and collective music, it tends to help people and can be used to help people relax.  Therefore music can be either way, but it mostly goes about who the person is and how they react to what they listen to.     Then you have magazines.  Personally I think they are the worst of all.  Magazines tend to go one way or the other.  They either put a person down and be completely negative towards them, or they are positive and say nothing but good about them.  One big problem with magazines is that they write down what they hear and what they want to hear, not always knowing the full story.  In that case they have a very high chance of being very offensive towards the person or group they are talking about.  Magazines always have a positive, but where there is a positive they have a harsh negative thing to put in with it.       In these regaurds, I believe that there is nothing wrong with a library.  There are always going to be negatives and positives, but libraries tend to stick with the positive side.  Plus if a book looks like it might end up being offensive towards you, then there is no one that can tell you that you can't just put it down and stop reading it.  With music, only get stuff that you like and if you are easily offended don't listen to that music.  Libraries just give you the opportunity to possibly get something you could enjoy.  There is no reason someone would not be able to refrain from going in and getting an offensive book. In saying this, it can go either way.  I don't believe there is anything worng with libraries censorship as long as you can use your own good judgement.",3.898728
"Cencorship     The topic I am going to discuss today is censorship. Do you think that censorship is a good thing or a bad thing? I am going to list a couple of ways that i think censorship is bad and also why it is good.     The first thing I am going to talk to you about is how it is bad. The bad part about censorship is that it can offend people very easily. Most people can handle alot of abuse, but on the otherhand alot of people can't.      In my oppinion I think that it is fine to have some things out that offend people because that is how alot of people find humor. Such as political cartoon. They make fun of the @CAPS1 and alot of the other people that are in office, but you dont see them complaining about it. In my oppinion if you dont like it then dont read it. That is all you have to do and then it will never bother you again.     But on the other hand i can see how some people can get offended. Because some of the things are very mean in books and movies. I think that there should be some type of line that seperates going to fare and what is good enough. most people can live with it, but others can't. Such as @CAPS2, there is a whole lot of @CAPS2 in the @LOCATION1, and expecally in this time period. where ever you go there is always some sort of @CAPS2.     In conclusion I think that people need to get together and create a line that can be drawn befor they get to far. and some of the stuff now needs to be taking off of the shelves, but not everything",2.9002042
"Katherine Paterson wrote about the true impact of censoring what is put in a library.  In the quote she mentions how if what every single person finds offensive is removed, eventually nothing is left.  The question of, 'Should library content be censored?' is a largely debated question.  There is a simple answer to this question.  It should not be censored.     Views on what should be censored and why, vary based on type of person and their background.  As Katherine Paterson said, 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.  But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else.  And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'  @PERSON2 made the observation that most people would not think far enough to realize.  The most logical thing is to not censor what works are put into libraries.  As was previously stated, once every person pulls what they deem should not be on shelves, the library will be but a building without books.     To keep children from getting into certain types of literature, movies, and music, libraries could have a section set off within the adult section for these works.  Many public libraries do not even have these types of items that would be so highly disputed for the simple fact that if the library does not even carry it, they do not have to worry about issues.  These public institutions are working for the best of the visitors, and if there are works needing to be kept from the childrens' section, there is no doubt that this would be taken care of appropriately.       The topic of censorship is a very touchy subject to start with.  This goes back to the debate of what exactly should be censored.  The problem with what is 'explicit,' is that there is no black and white line.  Does a book become inappropriate because a teen girl becomes pregnant within the pages?  In some eyes, the fact that a teenager got inpregnated within a book makes it inappropriate, but critics will argue that this is life and to shield the world from reality makes us all blind.  Proper instillation of morals and values on the homefront will help young citizens make intelligent choices, but expecting the world to censor itself for each individual is something that would never be possible.     Censorship in libraries is a touchy subject, but like Katherine Paterson said, if every person in the world removed what they thought inappropriate, there would be no books left.  This truth being stated, censorship in libraries should be stopped before every book is gone.  As the world turns, life cannot be stopped because bad or inappropriate things exist.  It can only be learned that yes, these things @MONTH1 exist, but by using better judgement the whole world can get along just fine without trying to remove everything 'bad.'",4.266403
"When you go to a library you think its going to be a place that is a good influence. Your not thinking when you send your kids their that there's going to be bad things. Most people go the the library to study or use the computers... But what about the other people?     I went to the library and saw racest books most adults would find that offensive especially if its an afracan american. The thing is that people would also go there and check the books out to sutdy about the old times it's not there to offend people. Some books are very infromational and people need to study and learn about the past so that it doesnt happen again.     Another peroblem most people have is with the adult books parents defantly dont want their children looking or checking thoughs books out. But when noone stops them from checking the books out there really is not anything you can do about it. I believe that libraries should have an age limit for checking out certen books.     The last thing is the music it has bad language in it and kid can just check them out with out even trying hard. Most parants the to sheild their kids so they will be good and not use dirty language but when the and go to a comunity plase and just listen to anything that causes a peopblem. Personially I think that it gives the library a bad name and therefore that get little business.     You know that if you were a parent you really wouldn't want your kids grabbing racest, adult books, and music and you would like for the government to take some the books and music out of the library. I believe that their should be a vote to see if we could have thoughs books amd music removed or atleast put in an adult section in the back.      My main point of this essay is that they either need to have voting for what goes into the library or they need to start censioring the books and @CAPS1's they put in the library and make accessalble to the comunity. The up side to doing that is the library would get mor customers and that means the government would make more money",2.982378
Dear local Newspaper @CAPS1 a take all your computer and given to the people around the world for the can stay in their houses chating with their family and friend. Computers help people around the world to connect with other people computer help kids do their homework and look up staff that happen around the world.,1.0863003
"Should a library be able to remove a book or a movie from its shelves if someone happens to find it offensive? I believe that the answer to that question should be no, because everyone in the world could find something in a library that could be considered obscene or offensice. However, if a library decides to remove every  piece of literature or art in its possession that someone finds offensive, the walls and shelves of its core would be bare.          I'm sure you have seen and heard many people who have been offended by silly things such as children's novels, pictures in magazines, and song lyrics. I know I have seen people who have become livid because of how offeneded a piece of literature or art has made them. But with seeing such reactions, I've come to the conclusion that what someone @MONTH1 find offensive, another person could find beautiful. For example, paintings of nude men and women are looked at as wrong and disturbing by some and are also seen as masterpieces by others. Everyone has their own opinions about things but it's not the library's job to worry about which opinions are wrong or right.           There is really no way to avoid offending someone without completely clearing the walls and shelves of a library. Simply anything could be seen as offensive to anyone. I know that I've personally found some books on the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 to be disturbing because of how graffic they are. However, that doesn't mean other people shouldn't be able to read something a young woman found offensive. Offensive pieces of literature and art are often the best kinds because they evoke emotions in people, although maybe not the intened emotions, and make people think. You learn a lot when you're looking at something that has put strong emotions into you.       With everthing going on in our society and culure today, in the @LOCATION1 and around the world, someone is bound to be offened everyday by something. Religious groups @MONTH1 be offened by the way a cover of a book is drawn or the pictures in a teen magazine and politcal leaders @MONTH1 be offended by what journalists are writing about them. You see, there is simply no way to avoid offending people. To me, it's truly surprising that libraries are still worrying about censorship when television shows are showing sex, drugs, and violence. People are obviously getting offened by what television shows are airing but, see, that's just it. The television shows are still being aired. Offensive or not, people are still watching, just as people are still reading books, looking at pictures, listening to music, that someone, at some point, has found offenseive.      If a library decides to take out every offensive piece of literature and art what would be left? My friends, the answer is nothing. A beautiful creation to you @MONTH1 bring back horrific memories to someone else but that doesn't make it a bad creation. A novel that makes your stomach turn in knots @MONTH1 teach you more than you've ever learned before in your whole entire life. I hope people realize that just because something is offensive to someone doesn't make it wrong. Just because someone decided that they thought a piece of literature or art was not what they wanted to see or read doesn't give them the right to deprive someone else of the chance to read or see it.  As you can clearly see, libraries shouldn't waste their time on censorship, because no matter how hard you try, someone will find something that bothers them.",4.1397014
"In many libraries there are books, movies, magazines, and music that people find offensive. Some find them more offensive than others. I believe that just because someone finds these things offensive that they shouldn't be removed from the shelf. I believe this because other people @MONTH1 be interested in it, we need information from the resources in the libraries, and all books make people more intelligent.     These resources are in the library for a reason.If what is on the shelves is a distraction to people, they don't have to pay any attention to it. People can find what they like and stay away from what they do not like. For example, there are books that talk about real things that happen to real people in real life and some @MONTH1 not be able to handle the descriptive details that are given; if it's not easy to handle then just put it back and go read something else. Everyone in this world is different and we all like different things.     In addition, some books in the library are used for informational text. College students, teachers, and students from all over the world need a library with these kinds of books, movies, music, and magazines. For example, they @MONTH1 need these rescources to help out with a class or presentation. If they were removed, they wouldn't have any way to find their information because it was found offensive.     Lastly, all books make people more intelligent. Sometimes things are abstruse and these books help explain them better.We learn something new everyday and we learn it from reading out of books. Not only books but magazines and movies help as well. Reading books help people to get stronger with their vocabulary and communication.For example, the people who read more than others are usually the ones who like to be involved in plays and don't have a problem with speaking in front of people. This is due to their intelligent reading levels. They are more likely to remember better than those who do not read and also have a bigger vocabulary.      So as you can see, people like different things and some are going to find these rescources offensive. Also, books are used to help people out and they make people more intelligent. If books, movies, and music were removed then we would not have a better intelligence than we do now. Every human being will have a problem some how and that is just what life is. Life comes with problems and we have to learn to deal with them. In fact, that is what we have to do when these problems come up because we all have a different outlook on everything but books being tooken off the shelves would not help anything; they can only help us out",4.09045
"Dear @CAPS1, I have recently heard over @CAPS2 @NUM1 @CAPS3 that that people believe comuters have different effects on people. To the past computers have caused problems with the human body. Amny @CAPS5 are becoming to on computers. So in my question I believe computers have a neagtiove on. First of all computers have caused @CAPS5 to not exercise and become unhealthy. @NUM2 out of @NUM3 @CAPS5 have said they are their @CAPS5 are spending to each time on the computer. @CAPS5 need to realize that sitting on a computer @CAPS4 is a danger to their health you don't want you @CAPS5 to have eye problems in the do you? To the to be on the computer to much and just for work, but for playing games I realize enough I need to stop and go out and exercise to keep well-balanced health @PERSON1 says, ""@CAPS4 technology increases the more and more people we have given glasses too."" @CAPS5 need to make changes to what they do during the. So @CAPS4 I somputers because @CAPS5 are not become unhealthy. My people do not spend @CAPS4 much time with family and friends. In the pase my mon used to yell at me. @PERCENT1 of people believe is very important did you know that. Computers keep your divorce could have from computer. People need to within families because it decrease interaction with. My last reason is that people are not. @NUM4 ot of @NUM3 people enjoying nature you a chance to express your thought. Many people need time to think about what is happening in their life and they cannot do this our internet. TO the past stressed because I never had a to just relax and think about things I computer doing something or homework. @PERCENT2 of people who have to much going life believe that they. Do you now see that nature can be helpful? So @CAPS4 you can see computers have a negative effect because people don't get enough time to enjoy nature. To conclusion I believe computers have a huge negative effect on people. The reasons why be people would be less active, people will not interact @CAPS4 well & people enjoy nature. So I strongly you to vote being a negative effect.",3.7135074
"Offensive media is everywhere. From books to music lyrics, our culture embraces us with it. Children that see inappropriate media can pick up bad behavior. This can then lead to a child having a hard time associating with his peers. Adults are also affected by inappropriate media if they see their favorite celebrity or  any other role model use inappropriate behavior. This could make an adult emotionally unhealthy and they @MONTH1 become violent or depressed. Finally, our world could be better if offensive media were abolished altogether. People's lives could be enriched with good, clean entertainment instead of being corrupted with inappropriate media. One can clearly see that offensive media must be pulled from our country's libraries immediatley.     Inappropriate media is surrounding us daily, including children. What children see they imitate, even in the first couple years of their lives. So if they hear a swear word on t.v or see someone doing drugs, they @MONTH1 imitate it. Clearly this is inappropriate behavior for a child. If the child is exposed to inappropriate media, for a long period of time, they @MONTH1 think that it is ok to use it in everyday life. Their social skills and mind is being corrupted because of offensive media. Libraries should pull inappropriate media off of their shelves because it can corrupt a child's mind.      Another reason why  libraries should pull off offensive media is because adults can pick up different offensive habits as well. Just as children can pick up the offensive habit of swearing , so can adults if they are exposed to it for a long period of time. Besides swearing, adults can also think that killing someone is ok because they saw it in a movie. They could then pick up a violent weapon and try to kill someone if they are angry. This is not a healthy way to express your feelings towards someone if they are making you angry. Our country's libraries should pull off inappropriate media from their shelves because it can turn adults into being emotionally unhealthy.      Finally , inappropriate media should be pulled off library shelves because our world could be a better place without it. Media is one of the root causes of why people act the way they do. If they see their favorite celebrity getting arrested for a @CAPS1  in a magazine, they @MONTH1 think that it is ok to drink and drive. Another example is if people read about someone doing drugs in a book, they @MONTH1 want to try and experiment with drugs  themselves. This can lead to people doing crazy things that can be harmful to other lives around them.      Offensive media is almost anywhere. When children see inappropriate media , they @MONTH1 think that it is ok to imitate it. Adults, when exposed to enough offensive media, can pick up nasty habits like swearing, killing or doing drugs which , inturn , can lead to to being emotionally unhealthy. With out inappropriate media on our library shelves, our world would be a better place. We would have less conflict, less deaths ,and better lives that are enriched, not corrupted , with quality media. Millions of lives could be made better if libraries pulled off inappropriate media from their shelves",4.1842356
"Dear local Newspaper, People spending time on the @CAPS1 is a good way for people to connect with one each other. But it can also be a way for people to get in trouble with things online like looking at things they shouldn't be looking at strangers they shouldn't be talking or typing to or even predators that could be online. @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 kids and adults go on the computer either when their getting out @ORGANIZATION1 school for the day or if they are getting off @ORGANIZATION1 work for the day or if they are getting off @ORGANIZATION1 work for the night, they are just there on the computer to check upon things and for the kids either for their entertainment, for like chatting with friends on some king @ORGANIZATION1 program, or @ORGANIZATION1 their even playing a game online. Three fourths @ORGANIZATION1 kids under age @NUM1 go online more than adults age @NUM2 because @ORGANIZATION1 the interest in what is on it. People sometimes say, ""oh, I only go on the computer to check up on things. It only takes me a few minutes"", But they are lying. Most people dont just go on for a couple @ORGANIZATION1 minutes, their on for more like a few hours, and that effect their relationship or connection to ones family and or friends. @PERSON1 at the @ORGANIZATION1 says, ""people spend hours on the computer looking at what ever they want and most people do that and it has to stop for the sake @ORGANIZATION1 the persons family and friends,"" @PERSON1 also said,"" @CAPS2 like an addiction"". Do you really want to have an addiction? I didn't think so, so instead @ORGANIZATION1 just sitting there storing into a screen for hours aday go outside and have fun with your friends or family, go to the @CAPS3, the beach, even just take a walk in the park. Nothing can beat the feeling @ORGANIZATION1 being with friends or family and just having fun.",3.3658752
"Dear, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 are many people who use computers this advanced technology we have. Lots of people life that we had computers they have lots of benefits that come with having computers. But not everyone agrees with this @CAPS2 are many people who dont like that people use computers to much it takes away less time from enjoying nature, exerising, and interesting with family and friends. But I think on people with computer such as talking to people who you cant see, looking up information gives people something to do. One of the effects computers have on people is it allows you to talk to people you really dont see. I say this beacause not all your friends go to the same school so you dont see them as much. But they might have email, myspace, and facebook. Surf you cant online. It makes it easier to talk to them instad of driving so you can see them. I think that is @CAPS2 are activities you have to do or other activities, they need to do The second effect computers has on people it allows you to look up information. Think of it have you to do a project and you dont always have enough information on what it is to do it. But if your computer it gives lots of you can find information. I think that computer can help you in that way the endless sites of information and of better. Also the might be times go on a trip and know how much it cost and how long its going to take to set to you destination. Well if you look it upon the computer it will be all their for you to see also where else will you find this information you call to questions when consist go to the website. The third effect computers have on people are it gives you something to do. I say this because not all the time will you me to do something to do. Sometimes you will be bored something to do go on computer. The things you can do like play games. Also watch videos on youtube. For example you funny keeps you laughin add on the computer you watch videos. Another thing you can do is download music to your do you ever have line that think of not busy so do it now. See these @MONTH1 things you can go on the computer. To conclude I think that computers have lots of effects on people. These are about computer how people spend time on them. But I disagree is many good effects computers can have on people. I hope you agree with me. These are the three effects computers has on people allows you look up information, gives you something to do.",3.661426
"Regardless of if we are speaking of the religous demanding books such as the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 series to be ripped from our shelves or @CAPS3 wanting to burn the @LOCATION1, books can always bring about controversy. In this country we are given the rights to freedom of speech and press, so why can anyone demand that a book be banned? Everyone in our world has different thoughts, beliefs, morals and values so why should we try to force our own views on others? We should not. Imposing our views upon others can be done just as easily through putting a controversial book on the shelves as it can by taking it off. Music, movies and magazines are no different, all express the ideas and beliefs of their respective writer, and all deserve to be accessed by anyone who desires to do so.     Books, there are lists of hundreds of banned books and honestly you could find a dozen reasons to ban any book ever written. If you ban one writers words because they speak passionately or discretely on a controversial topic, then you must ban them all, and if you have to ban the words then you must also ban the writer so that he or she cannot voice his or her opinion. If we did this then our country and our world would be without opinion, voiceless, and without a voice their is no direction and no moving forward. If the people of our world are denied the right to write a book on their opinion then what kind of world do we live in? If you can ban my words, then I can ban yours and we have both lost our voice and our chance at somehow brightening the future.      Imagine the impact if the @CAPS4 had locked away every copy of the @CAPS5 because it brought about change and controversy. Imagine a world where we had never heard of @CAPS6 or @CAPS7. It would be a would far different from our own. A world without powerful voices influencing not only our daily actions, but hundreds of years of war, love, and hate. It would be one without direction, where people are left to wonder but never to express or discuss. It would be a terrible place.     While children should not exactly be watching porn or reading '@ORGANIZATION1', they definantly should not be kept from reading, listening to, or watching anything they desire. Values and morals should be gained by reading, discovering and thinking, not forced upon us by our government or our parents. Rap music @MONTH1 have lyrics that some would consider rude but to another they @MONTH1 speak a message. To a creationist @PERSON1's views @MONTH1 seem stupid and offensive, but to an atheist they @MONTH1 be what makes sense. We should all have access to all opinions so that we can develop our own.      We should not have the values and ideas of others beaten into our heads, we should be able to develop our own through an exploration through those of others. Censorship is wrong, our government has no business in what we choose to explore and no one should be restricted by the views of another.",4.322854
"How does the computer effect people? @CAPS1 there are way's that computer's can be really bad and really good"", they're good. Because people who dont like writing usually just have a computer to type on. But people rarely do that, parent's and kid's stay on the computer not caring about nothing else but the screen the kid's stay up all night knowing they have school they dont even do their homework. I have proof my freind's, research show's, my mother also agree's. I suggest that you will agree on my opinion'. @PERCENT1 of my freind's agree with me because they have been through this, and they would'nt wake up to go to school. Dr @PERSON1's of @ORGANIZATION1 researched how parent's hardly spend time with their family. For example father's they basically always on the computer either working or looking up stuff. My mom say's that when she was younger she loved the internent. She never wanted to get off: @CAPS1 i hope youv enjoyed my opinion', thank's for even taking this time to read it. Thank's again.",2.7816968
"Do I think we should have to take books off of shelves? No  we should not have to take certain things off of library shelves. Think of it in your own perspective. For example, say you like horror books. If someone else doesn't like horror and you do, and they take it off of the shelves, how mad would you be.     I like @CAPS1 magazines. Magazines like @CAPS1 @CAPS2, or @ORGANIZATION1. If there is a bad picture or anything in it they took it off. My perspective is that if you don't like what you see then put the book, magazine or whatever it might be up. Don't just sit there and complain, because how would you feel if the same thing happened to you?     I have had personal experience with these kinds of problems. At my school, we used to have magazines like @ORGANIZATION1. Just non-hurtful things. All it took though was one person to complain about it, and boom! They were gone. @CAPS1 fanatics like me don't like to see our favorite things gone. So really, what is the problem?     The problem is that people can't handle what they see. It is understandable to a certain point. Like if your a very religous person, then yes i understand that you couldn't look at those things. But when you do it just to spite someone, then that is very hurtful.     Finally, i just want to say that if you have a problem, keep it to yourself. Just because you don't like something, doesnt mean someone else won't. You wouldnt want it to happen to you",3.2688565
"Do you believe that certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc.,should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive? No, I don't think so, these items should stay on the shelves for the appropriate ages. If you are over the age of eighteen you should be able to pick and chose to what ever topic they want. If you are under the age of eighteen there should be an age requirement and also require parent consent.      For those under eighteen when they get a library membership they should have to verify thier date of birth, and what thier parent srequest their child to be able to read, play, or watch. Librarys and book stores should put a rating on the magazines or books, just like movies. This will promote less parents of anger for thier children listening to music or reading inappropriate books, magazines, or video games. Now if books stores sell these books to underage children without parent consent, there can be charges pressed. It would be pretty much the same thing as selling liquor, or cigarettes to a minor.     From my observations with my little brother, my mother chose to let him play inappropriate video games. For instance these games consisted of violence, sex, drugs, and foul language. In result of this I notice that my brother does not obey, or treat my mother with the respect as he should. He also misbehaves in school constantly. That is just one example of the many I know of.     Even if the parent gives permission for thier child to watch offensive movies, play inappropriate video games, or read certain books that are not suitable for his/her age, they should still have to be a certain age. Some parents make poor decisions on thier parenting, and it will reflect them later in life.     So my overall opinion would be no. Keep the books on the shelf for the people that are mature enough to watch, read, or play. If they limit the selling of these items to minors, these children @DATE1 will not have as many crimes all together. There would be less violence, and drug offenses or abuse. Keep this all in mind.                                                                 @ORGANIZATION1",3.5835934
"@ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion, the effects of computers are not good. Many people spend too much time on their computers and less time exercising. People are on their computers so much that they dont enjoy nature anymore. Also, they aren't interacting with family and friends that much. I think that computers are becoming an issue. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people in my school agree that they hardly exersize any more because they are always on their computers. For example, @NUM3 year old @CAPS1 used to go to the gym everyday before she got her own computer. Now every afternoon she finds herself in front of the computer monitor. If it wasn't for computers, I'm sure kids would be outside getting exersize. Computers are a serious issue. Have you ever found yourself in front of the computer screen, on a beautiful day outside? I have, and while I was on the computer I could have been outside enjoying nature. I think it would be best if you unplugged those computers for a day and just went outside and got some fresh air! If everybody keeps this habit of staying on your computers all day and not going outside, we might turn into a world of couch potatos! Im sure you dont want that. Lastly, I remember multiple times I said I would do something with my dad but I didnt because I was on the computer. Many people can agree with me. Instead of going out to interact with your friends many are just instant messaging them. The internet is amazing, but I think everyone forgot the joy of going out with friends and family. So get off those computers and call a friend. In conclusion, the effects of computers are bad. Many people are spending too much time on their computers and have less time exersising. They are on so much they dont enjoy nature anymore. Also, they aren't interacting with friends and family. I think after reading this you can see computers arent good.",3.5498176
"Censorship in libraries is a very controversial topic that has conflicting views. One side, in favor of censorship, believes that some literary material contained within a library could be offensive to some, and that it should be removed or censored. The other side, in favor of free speech, believes that all literary material in a library should be kept, whether it is seen as offensive or not. Of these two sides of such a controversial issue, it is evident that censorship should not be instilled within libraries, because of the right to free speech, the true meanings and expressions must be upheld, and it would take the oppurtunity to read such a work truly from an interested reader.     The first reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor is because of the right to free speech. This right belongs to all citizens of @LOCATION1, and shouldn't be taken away because one person @MONTH1 think something is offensive. I have observed that many people will often attempt to steal this right from people, and this instillation of censorship will do just that to the authors. This is the first reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor.     The next reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor is because this censorship @MONTH1 dull down the true meanings and expressive themes that literary works are meant to express. An example of a story that would suffer from censorship is the famous 'The @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1.' Such a novel, though containing offensive language at times, would not read the same if such language was omitted and removed. Instead, @PERSON1's expressions within the story would be dulled down immensely and be nearly silenced. This is the next reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor.     The last reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor is because it removes the availability of the book from an interested reader. Many times I have seen people blatantly have a tantrum over an offensive literary work. I have been offended by things that I have read before, and instead of demanding its removal and crying for a less offensive substitute, I simply either stopped reading the work or read through it anyways. A person must know that the use of offensive language within literary works rarely is intended to attack the reader, but rather to strongly get a point across.  If a person finds the material too offensive to read, then they should simply stop and find a more suitable work. By remaining calm and passive about these things, it keeps the literary work on the shelves in its true form for other people who wish to read it.This is the last reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor.     It is clearly evident that the removal or censorship of literary works in a library is a bad idea as a whole. The decision to censor literary works would be bad because it would strip the author's right to free speech, it would dull down the author's true meanings and expressions, and it would remove the oppurtunity to read such a work from an interested person. The removal or censorship of literary works would be a terrible decision that all would regret in the years to come. This is why the removal or censorship of literary works in a library is an unjust endeavor.",4.2858024
"Censorship in libraries could have negative effects on the library. Parents have different views on books, music, ect. One parent @MONTH1 not have a problem with one book that has a few curse words in it but another parent might think it is not something they want their children to pick up and read then later on start using that kind of language. But if the libraries censor that book and is taken out of the library it would make a big impact on people because, what if somebody really likes that book but since someone complained about it, it is now not allowed in the library. The library would lose people because of books being censored.     Everybody might not agree on different subject and they would want a certain book, music, movie or magazine censored. But if one person complained and the book is no longer there does that mean the libraries are going to be empty for now on. A person who @MONTH1 not have children might say, '@CAPS1 one little joke can hurt.' A joke not suitable for a child under @NUM1 to read, hear, or watch. But a parent might get upset that their child is hearing, reading, or even seeing these things and might band it from the library.     When a student @MONTH1 need to go to the library to go look up their topic they must research for school and can not find any or even good books on that topic because someone who thought the book was offensive has been removed from the library. The student might get frustrated and would not know what to do and would have to get most to all of their research off the @CAPS2. What if their teacher/proffesor said that they needed more then one source and all their information can not just be off the computer they need a book, magazine, or newspaper source also. But since that topic they are researching about has upset someone they are not able to find the imformation they are looking for.      Yes, there are some books, music, movies, magazines, and sometimes newspapers that are not for children under @NUM1 or even pre-teens to teens. That is why the libraries are divided into sections for the age groups. Still how do these section keep our children from reading something unaporite. Parents should know when they come into a library they should look for signs on the walls, if a library does not have signs that tell them what kind of section they are coming into all they have to do is grab a few books of the shelfs and read the inside cover or outside to suggest what kind of books are in the rest of that section. It should not be hard to find these sections because usually the children section has toys and puzzles in them and children theme walls.      Censorship would not only get rid of the books, music, movies, magazines, etc., but it would also make our libraries empty. A lot of people have different point of views, his view might be diffrent from her view. From teens to young adults, teachers to children, parents to non-parents. Everyone is different no one person can speak for the whole world. This is why censorship would not work in our libraries.",3.850817
"To whom it @MONTH1 @CAPS1, I have recently heard about your argument on the effects that modern day computers have on society. Some people feel they have a positive effect, such as learning new information, and interacting or chatting with other people. Others feel that society is devoting to much time to computers, they feel that these people are spending less time exercising, enjoying nature, and with their family. I feel that people are devoting themselves to the computer. People think that all things on the internet are true, they're not, @PERCENT1 of all teens across the country are addicted to the computer. First, things posted on the internet are not always true. They can be posted by anyone, whether it's true or not. My friend found a website with very detailed information for an essay. She turned it in, and the teacher gave it back the following day. In big red letters it said ""false information"" @CAPS2 she had gotten the information from a book. she pobably would've gotten an ""A+"". Second, @PERCENT1 of teens living in the @LOCATION1 have become addicted to using the computer. My friend was obsessed with facebook from @NUM1 until @NUM2 she was on, daily. She began failing classes. She didn't do homework, didn't study for tests! She failed the @NUM3 grade. This all happened because she was addicted to a website. This is why I agree with the statement that experts are concerned with people spending to much time on the computer @CAPS2 you want to continue a healthy lifestyle, and avoid becoming to addicted to the computer, limit yourself. Make the smart choice.",3.6052394
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 minute of the day - millions of computer users around the world hop onto their laptops or desktops, but is it always a good thing? The question has been raised if people spending alot of time on computers is a bad thing. Computers are a bad thing because people spend too much time on them and lose quility time with friends and family. The dangers of online interaction, and the risk of having your information stolen. Countless people around the world face these problems everyday and computer usage should be lessened. Whether teens, kids, or adults are gaming, on websites or typing essays people around the world spend way too much time on their computers. For example, of the @PERCENT1 of people who have computers with online access @PERCENT2 of them spend @NUM1 hours a day on them. This is about @NUM2 billion hours of computer usage around the world. Children and adults alike have lost face time or interraction with other human beings face to face. Before computers kids played outside running and playing around. While in present day less than @PERCENT3 of all children get at least one hour of time outside. Computers are not a bad thing, but its is when they are over used they become hurtful to kids health. These facts have not just contributed, but they are almost the cause of obesity in the world. Computer usage needs to be cut down to size if we are to solve these problems. The additon of online chat to computers has not only increased computer usage but doubled it. The invention of @CAPS2, and instant messaging was never meant to be a bad thing, but it sure did turn into one. Online chat allows people to send hatefull and vulgar messages to their enemys without showing their face. In some cases some teens were harrased online so bad they committed suicide. Another bad thing about @CAPS2, or @CAPS3 is that dangerous criminals can hide behind their computers and lure children or teens to a meeting place where they can be kidnapped. @NUM3 out of @NUM4 users of online chat was lured by a criminal to a "" meeting place"" and was kidnapped and never seen against last year. Most of these victims do not return or are found. Although the invention of chat online was meant as quick easy communication it became a horror crime in most cases. Millions even billions of dollars have been stolen by internet hackers. These hackers break the security codes and buy things online using other peoples money. Four out five people admit to having multiple sites with personal information on them and @NUM5 out of those four people have had at least one account hacked. This problem continues to grow and hackers feed off of weak sites. If this problem continues to grow the whole world will be bankrupt. These hackers know who you are, your family, your personal information, and where you live. Internet usage needs to be cut down to sites. If we do not then usage will increase, there will be no chat problems and peoples money will get stolen.",4.420741
"Dear local newspaper, I think effects computers have on people are great learning skills/affects because they give us time to chat with friends/new people, helps us learn about the globe(astronomy) and keeps us out of troble! Thing about! Dont you think so? How would you feel if your teenager is always on the phone with friends! Do you ever time to chat with your friends or buisness partner about things. Well now - there's a new way to chat the computer, theirs plenty of sites on the internet to do so: @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1, facebook, myspace ect. Just think now while your setting up meeting with your boss on the computer, your teenager is having fun on the phone not rushing to get off cause you want to use it. How did you learn about other countrys/states outside of yours? Well I have by computer/internet, it's a new way to learn about what going on in our time! You might think your child spends a lot of time on the computer, but ask them so question about the economy, sea floor spreading or even about the @DATE1's you'll be surprise at how much he/she knows. Believe it or not the computer is much interesting then in class all day reading out of books. If your child is home on your computer or at a local library, it's better than being out with friends being fresh, or being perpressured to doing something they know isnt right. You might not know where your child is, @CAPS2 forbidde in a hospital bed because of a drive-by. Rather than your child on the computer learning, chatting or just playing games, safe and sound in your home or community place. Now I hope you have reached a point to understand and agree with me, because computers can have great effects on you or child because it gives us time to chat with friends/new people, helps us learn about the globe and believe or not keeps us out of troble. Thank you for listening.",3.3641438
"I believe everyone has their own choice when it comes to taking a book off a shelf. You should know what your picking up. If you think it might be offensive to you, then set it back on the shelf. It's as easy as that. Taking offensive articles off shevles of libraries just because a couple of people are unhappy ruins everyones opportunity on maybe finding what they were looking for.     Censorship in libraries is just uneeded. Everyone should be able to take care of themselves. Read the title before you pick up the book. It could give you a good hint on whether or not it might offend you. Children on the other hand should be overlooked by an adult just to make sure they dont pick up anything that should not be viewed as a child.      Taking offensive articles off the shelves ruins good books for everyone else. Not everyone is offended by the same material. For some it @MONTH1 be pictures. For others it could just be words. But this offensive material happens in everyday life throughout the world. It just can not be avoided. So why take it out of libraries.     If it's really offensive in any way put a warning sticker on the book. It will warn people that the book @MONTH1 contain material that @MONTH1 offend the reader of the book. It will benefit both sides of this argument. People will be less offended because they won't unexpectingly pick up a book and be offended. But the people that @MONTH1 enjoy reading the offensive books still can read them.     Everyone has their own choice when it comes to picking up a book. You should have an idea of what your picking up. Just because you made a mistake and picked up an offensive article, why take it away from others that @MONTH1 enjoy reading them. Everyone is exposed to offensive material through everyday life. So why have censorship in libraries. It's not accomplishing anything.",3.6078997
"A @CAPS1 @CAPS2     @CAPS3 there ever a time where there @CAPS3 a movie that you wanted to see, but due to graphics in the movie you were not aloud to see it? Many parents or young adults believe that movies being @CAPS1 are a good thing. What they do not know is that if something is @CAPS1 that's just going to make the kid want to go see it more.     Frist of all, if they kids want to see it badly enough they will just sneek in or get a copy of it off the internet, which is illegal. I remember when I @CAPS3 younger me and my friends always wanted to go see @CAPS4 rated movies. So we would have our parents drop us off. When we would arrive home are parents would ask what we saw, we would lie and say we saw the new @CAPS5 @CAPS6 movie. Therefore kids will get into trouble for a stupid thing.         Secondly if you don't believe your child should watch a movie because of your religous beliefs, then you and your child should have a talk. Statistics show that the more the kids can talk to their parents openly and come to an agreement, the less the child is going to lie and go behide their parents back. Many parents come to an agreement, that if they get to preview the movie frist then they will decide if it is approprite for their child to watch. In many cases this works out great for the parents and children, fore if the adult gives premission for the child to go see it then the parent and child will have something to talk about when they get home.    Finally, I believe movies should be uncensored. For the movies are not really that bad, your child will end up seeing it one way or another. Whether it's at a friends house the internet, or going to the theater. What harm could it cause to see it now.      So in conclusion to my statements.To know that your child will see this movie, wouldn't it be okay not to censore it. 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf, that work I abhor, then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else. and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.' as said by Katherine Paterson is true. Could you imagine living in a @CAPS1 wold? I know I can't. So think are you for or against censorship. Would you want your kid to lie to you about where they were going or what they saw? I know I wouldn't",3.8156724
They should be aloud to be removed because some books are offensive. Even if they are offensive they can teach young teenagers about their past. The books could be about the kkk or the @ORGANIZATION1. Some young teens like to read books like this so they can learn and see what people went threw. The books could be a school assignment.           The way i see it is if your teenage child is interested in the history or the violence of the past you should allow them to read what they want. Some book such as @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS6 are great to read for school assignments. These @CAPS6 book's are very helpful to read because you can learn about your history and about the wars at the same time. I think if your child checks a book out from the library he or she should return it in a week.     The library should give the child a certain amount of time to return the book. If the child dose not return the book in that amount of time they should charge them for every day it is late. If the book is damaged they shud charge who ever checked that book out. The book shud be in the condition it was in when it left so other people can check it out after its returned. the library should keep certain books at the library such as the bible and collage books.      The libary should allow @CAPS6 books to each person. Instead of three or four this would keep books on the shelfs. It would also keep people from loosing books. I think people under twenty @CAPS3 should not be aloud to check out movies or music. I think they should have to show i.d. to prove there over twenty @CAPS3. there should be more rules then just being quit in the library they should make people start keeping books at the library and only allow them to take home @CAPS3 or @CAPS6 books. For instance i check out @CAPS3 book every week and return the @CAPS3 i checked out the same day i go to get a new @CAPS3. I only check out the book i really want to read and i read it and return it. The magazines should never be checked out.,3.2346997
"Dear Local Newspaper, I have been asked to write a letter stating @CAPS5 opinion on the effects, computers have on people. Some experts have been worried people are not spending enough time outside, but most people are not spending enough time outside, but most people support advances in technology. During this time, computers are becoming more and more popular. They are very helpful in many ways. They allow you to learn new things, are very helpful for school and work, and they can keep family an friends connected. Computers have a positive and helpful effect on people. To begin, computers help you learn new things. If ever there is a question no one knows the answer to ""@CAPS1 it!"" @CAPS1 along with many other search engines are an easy way to find what you are looking for. For example, one day a few of @CAPS5 family friends come over we were eating dinner. the discution lead to the question of ""who is the @CAPS6 that plaies @CAPS3 in the @CAPS4?"" @CAPS5 little sister typed ""@CAPS6 of @CAPS3 in the movie the @CAPS4"" and @CAPS9! There it is @PERSON1. Just like that, computers help to get questions answered fast. Computers also help you learn new things like typing skills. just learning how to work them is a new skill. A recent poll shows that @PERCENT2 of people in nursing homes who learn how to use the computer have much better brain function. Although, there are much stronger reasons as to why computers have a positive effect on people. Furthermore, computers help people with work and school. Computers help you send e-mails for work, make slide shows for presentations, and keep calendars so you can be organised and on time. @PERCENT1 of people use computers in some way to benifit in work.",3.6576908
"Dear Local Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 show that @PERCENT1 of humans in the @LOCATION2 alone spend most of their time on a computer or laptop. I believe that the effect of computers has a negative effect on humans because it creates people to have a lack in exercise and it limits the physical interaction with others. As a nation, we can lower the statistic above and create a better environment altogether. The amount of people that lack a sufficient quantity of exercise has risen in the past decade. Doctor @PERSON1, who is expert in the connections between health and computers, surveyed @NUM1 people. Out of those people, @PERCENT2 said they rarely go outside because theu are trapped in the cyber world. This shocking percent proves that only one in twenty people actually get some tyoe of exercise. @PERSON2 stated, ""this shocking @CAPS2 means that most -if not all- all people are unhealthy physically, which is a problem that must be solved."" @CAPS3 goes on to say that being on a computer for most of the day and not exercising is what contributes ti unhealthiness. In addition to lacking exercise, many humans are losing the physical interaction that they should have. As humans have become, modernized with technology, most humans lose the physical interaction that they world normally have encountered if they we not on the computer. @PERSON3 agreed with this statement and said, "" I am a college greaduate; I have a degree and all, but I wasn't always like this. When I was younger, I owned a computer. As soon as I got home from school, I would always go on the computer. I wouldn't talk to anyone-not even my family! If I could go back and change that, I would."" This statement proves that the lack of physical interaction with human is a crucial subject to touch on. @PERSON3 regreted it all and changed his ways once @CAPS3 got to high school. No one wants to live with regrets, so physical human interactions are necessary to live a non-regretful life. the lack of human interaction and lack of exercise are problems that need to be solved as soon as possible. In conclusion, using computers has started a growing epidemin in the @LOCATION1. The most important reasons as to why computers have anegative effect on humans are it limits the amount of exercise, and it almost destroys the physical interactions between humans. Thank you for your attention, and remeber one thing: Computers can always have a negative effect on many humans lives.",4.2682223
"I do think that there should be a censorship in not just in libaries, but everywhare.       Personlly, I think that the way that the libraries have the books are appropite and if the parents do not want thier children going any where  that is not privy to them keep a hand lenght away     As for the parents, the parents know the aera that intrest them ,therefor the parents should go there",1.5242587
"Dear Local Newspaper, I belive that computers have a negative effect on peoples lives. I belive this because who spend to much time on the computer don't get out as much as they should, don't spend enough time with their family, and the computer can't do everything. My first reason is I belive that people need to get out more. When they don't get out, they don't exersise and that is very unhealthy. Instead of watching the games or the scores they should get out and play the game. I also belive that they should enjoy nature because I feel like they are wasting the beauty of nature all around them. We wouldn't want to waste our abilities and privalges would we? Another reason is that they do not spend enough time with family. If you have family near you, then you should take advantage of that and interact with one another. You can have fun with your family by playing games. You can also have fun by just hanging out, which boost your social skills and the computer can't always do that, which brings me to my next point. The computer can't do everything, so take advantage of what you have now. Some computer time is fine, but it can be very dangerous by getting addictted to it. The computer @MONTH1 have lots of information, but there is nothing that you can't find in a book. Your computer can't love your dog, so there is a reason why we should get off the computer. There are pleanty of other things that you can do that you can't do on the computer, including sports, taking care of family, and any of your hobbys. Remember that the computer @MONTH1 be great from time to time, but it can not live your life for you. That is why I belive that we should spend less time on the computer, and more time getting out, and having fun with family, and that the the computer can't do everything.",3.4837976
"Censorship in libraries? In my opinion I don't really care if books, movies, or magazines are censored. I'm not a person that does much reading but I do know of some books, magazines, and movies that are filled with perfanity. In my opinion that is just the authors way of how he or she wanted to do it.      I believe that libraries should keep these type of materials on the shelves but have them in sections maybe. Taking them off the shelves would be disrespectful to the authors/producers. That is their work and they took the time to do it for our entertainment! Maybe you really dislike all the cursing in books and magazines and want them gone...Well listen, there are heeps and heeps of books out there you can find that are not bad!      If you are more of the movie type of person but also do not like the cursing or nudity, there are plenty of movies out there that are very innocent! I hate when I sit down to watch a movie with the family and then all of sudden the actors start throwing around the @CAPS1 word and half naked women appear. But if we would simply read about the movie on the back of the case or ask about it then we would know to choose a different movie. One that is more family oriented and safe for children eyes.     So just because there are some materials that are out there with all sorts of fowl language and indecent human behaviors doesn't mean you should ban them from the libraries. If some people want to fill their mind with filth, let them. But for you who do not, get other stuff. Simply try telling other people about better books they can read and nicer movies to watch. Be a role modle and teach them about healthier viewings",3.5244231
"Comics, romance, adventure books, and mystery books are just the few different types of books out there as well as the magazines and music we listen to. With a little bit of everything, and whatever your passion is, we have that right in our local libraries to go look at or hear whatever pleases us but, some of the people that go there are not adults. Some of them are young children who are either checking out a book themselves or are simply with there parent/guardian. I believe that even though there are some books magazines, and music not attended for children, they still shouldn't be removed just because they are found offensive.     Everyone once in their life had to atleast experience something unpleasant. But knowing our world today, we simply can not hide from those things but yet face them, we adults are old enough to just walk away from something we find offensive unlike what our children or other children can do. Sometimes, even children have to go through it as well. It's part of growing up and also a learning experience for all of us.      If you already know what parts of the library have stuff children shouldn't see, don't bring your child to that area. And if it's possible, bring them to an area where they @MONTH1 sit and read there favorite books as well with you by there side where you can watch there every move. And at the same time, you don't have to take a chance at explaining something that you are not quite ready or sure that your child is ready to hear or see.      Since it's impossible to hide things from your children that you are not wanting them to see and hear at the same time, that's a part of life. Even if they are still really young and ask what a certain thing is, we can simply turn there heads and make them get distracted by something else and pretend that we didn't hear what they said. But as your children get older, they should know right from wrong and know what things they @MONTH1 read and things they can't.     Some of us are oblivious to the world around us and @MONTH1 not know that certain things can cause more harm than good, even like taking your children to the library. If you don't like a certain thing there or know that there is going to be something you simply do not want your child to see or hear, then don't bother taking them with you on your next visit and go another time when your child is with a babysitter or take a chance into bringing them with you an expect the unexpected when it comes to offensive items at the library",3.8174
"Dear local newspaper, I support the advances in technology, and believe that computers have a positive effect on people. I think this for @NUM1 simple reasons, @CAPS1, you gain computer skills, which can help in other situations. Second: Computers give people the chance to learn about faraway people and places.Lastly when you have a computer you can chat and talk to other people. When I think of a computer, I think of typing or a keyboard. After a few times of using a computer you get @CAPS2 and better it. You gain, typing skills, hand eye coordination and mouse skills. After jusst a few uses, your computer skills build up and you soon get good at it. When you do get @CAPS2 though, you get better quicker and more so it all works out very well. When you are on the computer, the internet allows you to search anything and everything. Weather it be a different culture or even schoolwork, a computer is helpful. When I am doing my homework, and I don't know how to another a question, I go on the internet. The computer allows me to get help with any homework I need help in, its great.I can even look up something on a different culture and compare it to ours. The computer allows me to do everything I need. Have you ever felt alone, but theres no one to talk to? Well that problem can be solved very simply, get on a computer. You can chat with people even if there is no one around. You can chat with someone half way around the world. Its amazing you can be anywhere, talking to anyone you want. A computers chat you to reconnect with old friends, and make new ones. Computers are great. When your on a computer, there is so much to do, so much you can get out of it. They are helpful and fun you never run out of options with a computer at your side. In my opinion, there is so much to gain and learn from a computer.",3.493936
"Dear local Newspaper, I think that computers have a exellent benefit for people. First family friends can communicate from a far distance. Secondly typing on the computer gives people good hand and eye cordnation. Thirdly they give people the ability to learn about faraway places. Lastly it gives student a chance to research a topic they are learning about. Well @CAPS1 do you think? Researcher @PERSON1 said that almost @PERCENT1 of family's live faraway from eachother. computers give the ability for familys to communicate wether its aim or a webcam chat. Also out of the @PERCENT1 of familys that live faraway from each other @PERCENT2 use the computer to comunicate. Hand and eye cordination, some people type without looking and some people are really slow. Typing on a computer give the great hand and eye cordination. Good hand and eye cordination could be used for many things. For example, playing sports or even a simple task like throwing something in the trash. Lastly, have you ever wanted to learn about a place faraway from you live or have you ever researched a topic for school? Well I have. Computer give people the ability to learn about places faraway. For example in the third grade I had to research hammer head sharks. Don't teacher always ask their student to look up a word or a topic on the computer? As I have said before I think computers have a benifit on people. I hope that my three reasons of contacting family and friend and hand and eye cordnation and lastly researching has made you think it a good thing too. Thank you for taking time to read @CAPS1 I had to say and I hope you take it into concideration.",3.3117213
"Dear @CAPS1 I think more and more people use computers because it can help you find a job if you lost it. Because right now some job are going bank ruded. And parants can not help because they didn't have job to support there love ones. Another thing is that cars are going up on prices so if you don't have a lot of money you can go online and get a car and truck for great prices. And it can help you save a lot of money in your pocet. For some reason @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people like to go to far away places for example @CAPS2, put or @LOCATION1, @CAPS3. And you if go to these place then you would need place to stay and have a good meal with your family or friends. So you would need a nice pleasant holetitle which will have awsome food, beds, pools and more thing people like to do when they is on vaction. And for example if your mother or father what you to go to your public school but you don't what too because you heared something or about the school say because you cant find great school online for example @CAPS4, cap pre, classicle, brizzal, And some other school are the best to and fun to go to and be succesful with your life. Now you know why more and more people use computers and you should always use technology and it would help you on the hand eye giving people the ability to learn about use computers.",2.8365812
"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 people throughout the world use, or own computers. Although there are @CAPS1 people who think computers are good for you, others could say different. While you are on the computer you can become more socal by talking with friends or family. Also, while you are on the computer you @MONTH1 not notice it but; your hand-eye coordination is improving, and finally, you are able to search with a click of a button, instead of searching your topic through dozens of books. Computers have very @CAPS1 benefits. One being chating, or talking online to friends, and family. You @MONTH1 have a distant friend that you haven't talked to in a while. With a computre you are able to re connect with your buddy. If you have an acount that is safe to chat on, you @MONTH1 be able to make new friends. That would be good for you, socally. It is always good to have friends, and stay in touch with family. Some people find it hard to play a piano because they cannot look at the music and have their hands be doing something else. On a computre your hand-eye-coordination improves over time because, you are searching a topic as your hands are typing. Also, this is a great memory excirsise for your fingers. You eventually memorize where all of the keys are located. People without computres have to search through @CAPS1 books to find information on their topic. Others with computers, just have to type in their topic and all the information they need is right infront of them. You are able to see pictures of your topic or even video's! Not @CAPS1 books that I know, can search a topic, show you pictures, and videos of it with one resource! @CAPS1 people debate the fact if computres are good for you or not. If you ask me, computres are great for people. It allows people to be socal, and talk to old friends; it also improves your hand-eye coordination, and finally; it gives you the option to search a topic without all the hastle of searching through dozens of books. So now the question is up to you; are computers good for people, or not?",3.738171
"No I do not believe that certain materials should not be remove from the shelves because I dont see how they are offensive to other people.       Even if its war movies its telling what these men have gone through and they fought and lost there friends. You just dont see people just killing and shooting you see the emoutions of the men and its emoution to you to see that.       Every book in there should stay there because some people need it for a project or to study about that person and a lot of books has lots of history that you can learn from.      The only thing that I think that should be remove is the music because if its rap or anything like that should not be allow in libraries, it brings hatered and often killing to the country and that should not be allowed.       Some Magazines should be allowed like raceing, sports, or military but all of the other bad stuff should stay out because if they do see, the kind of stuff that shouldnt be seen it will get into there mind. Thats what I think about this whole idea",2.3456678
"Removing books off of shelves in our public library? To me, that sounds crazy. I can see how some people might be offended by some books, music, movies, magazines, etc., but some people appreciate it. It's diversity, some people love the down-to-earth literature, but some people can't handle it. Why take away something that only a few people disagree with?        I believe some of the best entertainment in libraries are the most offensive, but it is all fact. I mean, if this is such a problem there should be a certain section to find those things in. If people want to complain then they can get out of that section, because people like me will be in that section ready to learn about all these different varieties of entertainment. Whether if it's offensive or not.People @MONTH1 find some of it offensive, but I believe it makes that person stronger. It helps them realize how lucky they are that they're not being treated a certain way in the offensive book they're reading. It's just a piece of entertainment! If it offends you and you're not entertained, go find something that does!           Even though I hear of people reading offensive books I've never really seen one myself. I think some people just get offended too easily. That's where we should reason with them instead of giving into their demands. So what if they aren't taken off the shelves? Like I said, we can make a certain section for them type of things. If they aren't happy with the outcome, they will get over it.           Now that you read what  I had to say, what do yu think? Do you think we should remove certain entertainment off of library book shelves? Or should we just reason with the people who are offended? I hope what you read today helps keep books on the shelves and readers happy!",3.621975
My opinion on the effects computer have on people. A good effect that computer have on people that it teaches them how to have good hand-eye coordination @CAPS1 if they work as a doctor on anything that needs it that would help them do better in their jobs. Another reason why computers have good effects on people it let them chat with their famile memebers case if your family went to a whole new countries for a trip then you beable to see how there doing and it's like there. Another one would be that you could learn about another states and countries around the world.  It tell you how many people like there and what type of culture they have when it found probably now when I want to learn about texas I look up information on it and tell me when it was found the capital and how many people live there. Another good thing that you could play games with your friends like all types shooting games racing sport arcade all type.,2.5196183
"Dear Newspaper, I think that when kids or even adults get computers, then they would not use it for good causes. When people get computers they spend more time inside and on them. They need to get outside get some exercise. Even little things like, if your going to your friends house, then take a jog there instead of your bike. When people spend more time on their computers than talking to your freinds, then they will be low on socializing and, after awile won't know how to communicate with people. All they would have to do is set a time limit on their computer and only use it for work otherwise. Computers could also be used for good things. If you have a project for school and need to type it up on the computer or find pictures on the internet then the computer would be a good resource. If you have a job for working with computers or fixing computers, then you would spend a lot of time on your computer. It also lets you interact with people on the othe side of the world. You can also learn about interesting facts or places. Computers could also be used for bad reasons. When people use it they could just use it to play this cool new video game they got. This can lead them into getting obese. They can also use it for sexual harrasment for stalking people. People can also use it for horrible things like selling or buying drugs or illegal things. So as you can see computers aren't safe in a lot of ways. I hope you can read and understand all the important facts explaining my reasons and consider them. Thank you and have a good day.",3.255741
"In my opinion, books, movies, magazines, ect., should not be taken off the shelves if they are offensive to some people. this is because everyone has different views on everything. Another reson is because for learning purposes in schools and etc. As well as authors would not want to be writting books because the books shelves are empty and their books, movies, magazines are getting rejected.     Since most people have different veiws on everything then,   every book or magazine would be taken off the shelf if they were offensive because, therefore, there would not be any book or magazine left on the shelf. This is because people think different things are offensive so what somebody thinks is offensive it @MONTH1 not be to another person. Therefore people would be angered or upset if their favorite book was taken off the shelf because someone said it was offensive.      Another problem with taking 'offensive' books of the shelf is that it would be a result in people not learning in schools and ect. This is because we all have to go through some point in school where we find something offensive for example wars, slavery, and politics. If all these books were to be taken off the shelves then nobody would be learning about any of this. In conclusion noboby would be being taught why these events happened and  why these events are wrong, so people would not have changed, they would keep doing these things because they were not taught not to. This in my opinion would cause alot of conflict between people and nobody would be educated on these events of history.      On the other hand rather than books being taken off the shelf books would not be being put on the shelfs. In this I mean that authors, producers, would not be making movies or writting books because their work just keeps getting rejected. Not only rejected but nobdy is going to go through the time and effort to make one of these for it to be rejected because it was offensive. In my opinion it would almost be impossible for these authors/ directors to make a unoffensive book or movie for everyone that is going to read or watch it.      In conclusion I have read many books in class every year that offends at least one person, but this person can choose not to finish the movie, book, or magazine if they find it offensive, or they never have to read it again. In conclusion there are many reasons why books should stay on the shelf even if they are offensive to someone. This is because it would not help with people being educated on events that happened, and people would not be reading any books in school. As well as authors would not be writting since their books are getting removed and the shelves are empty",3.8199484
"People often say that computers and technology are bad for you, but yet i think they have helped our society out very well. Computers help people through there trouble. Computers make our lives easier. By, when you buy things now there are computers adding and subtracting your amounts, They help people find out where to go, And last but not least they help friends and family stay in tuch with each other. With out computers we would have to wait in longer lines for what we want to buy. For instince stop & shop they have computers to check out people and the lines are already long enough. If we had no computers the lines would be even longer because then the people would have to add up the money by hand. Also with out computers you would not be able to weigh you good as fast as we do now in grosery stores we would have to hand weigh it. With out computer days at the grorsury stores would be very long. Without computers you would not have @CAPS1 and places online that give you directions. You would have to have use the bid maps driving to places. Those mapes could get lost wile you are driving. You can lose yout spot, And some times you @MONTH1 mark out the wrong spots on you map. With computers you can have @CAPS1, Online directions that can tell you the fastest and easest way to get to your place. Also with computers it saves papers on maps and we do not wast as much trees. Have you ever been in the situation were you want to go visit your family member out of state but you just dont have the money? well many people have and now insted of waisting (the money they dont have). They can video chat, talk, look at peoples pitchers and keep updated with them on the computer. You do not need to spend tons of money on it, it is all free, they are social networking sites. That people use to keep in tuch with family and friends. Those sites you have to use on. the computer so with out computers you would have to travel in a car waste money and the air with your car. In conclution i think computers have helped out society out very well!!!",3.5471215
"I do not think people should take books off the shelves because the town libraries have those types of books. People should enjoy reading all types of books. Some people only read different books. Little kids like fantasy and picture books, teenagers like romance, and others like nonfiction. It should not matter what other people think.     If people brought books off the shelves then what will the other people read. Before you bring books off the shelves, you should ask and write down what other people like instead of doing what you think is right. Think about what would happen if u brought down books off the shelves. What would happen? I will tell you, you would lose customers.     If you don't want children to read inappropriate books, then you should make a card saying that your parents give them permition to read those books. If that won't work, then make an age limit. Have the parents show you their berth certificate. Have a resticted section in the library. In order to get a book from the resticted section, then have a parent sign a note saying that their allowed.     Children the age of thirteen and under should not be given magazines. If their the age of fourteen and up, then they can get a magazine. Music should not matter to parents, so there should be no problem there. If the movies are bought by the parents, then there should be no problem there either. The other things you can figure it out on your own.     This is what I think should happen to books in a library. I told you how a library should work. I told you what I thought should go on in the library. I will give you some advise. Think before you do. That is all I am going to tell you.",3.2904344
"Many families across the globe use computers, whether their from @LOCATION1, all the way to the deserts of @LOCATION2. However, believe that being on a computer can negative effects to you like lack of exercise, In @CAPS21 perspective. I can agree, with there, but I truly believe that computers can have a positive effect on society if used correctly. With computer on @CAPS21 side, I believe there are many positive effects towards computers, such as: there are many things to do, you can from the internet, and it is very entertaining. If you have a computer, I'm sure you can agree with me that there are tons of good things you can do. For example, I know of many online colleges. Ever heard of the commecial, ""@CAPS1 in your @CAPS2's?"" that is where students can got their @CAPS3.E.D and have a succesful carreer. Not only that, you can get discounts on many items just by shopping online. There are many shopping sites online, such as @ORGANIZATION1. Furthermore, many shops like @CAPS4 @CAPS5 have a catolog online, where you and effenly. Lastly, if you have close relatives or friends that live far away, there are many options today like @CAPS6, (@CAPS7 @CAPS8 @CAPS9). Webcam programs like which you see and talk to each other using a webcam and @CAPS10, where you can find your friends and check how their doing daily. These are all good reasons why computers are sucess in the economy. Some computers are used for entertainment. Online there are many @CAPS16 you can play, like @CAPS11's (@CAPS12 @CAPS13 Online @CAPS14-@CAPS15 @CAPS16) I play many of these, including @CAPS16 such as @CAPS17. I love these @CAPS16 because they are very amusing world. You watch many of your favorite movies watch funny obeses on the internet via @CAPS18. @CAPS18 is a world-wide used source where you can watch or upload videos so the world can see. A @CAPS18 video is ""@CAPS19 @CAPS20 @CAPS21 @CAPS22,"" a young boy gets bitten by his younger brother. This entertainment system is also a great way to use up time lik if you're bored. I can see how people be to it, but you just need to use it wisely and make a plan to use the computer maybe an hour a day. A computer also has many great sources you can learn from, like an online website that has fun @CAPS16 called @CAPS23. With this, you can play many fun @CAPS16 while learning about interesting facts about science. In @CAPS21 science class, we use this websites many times, to us learn about motion/gravity. You can also conduct research on the web, you with many projects. I know I use the web to with almost every project I have.",4.3083105
"Censorship, or the ability to control what is seen or heard, is a term that is taken very differently from one person to the next. Music, if it is found offensive or inappropriate, can be consored or even banned from listening. Some magazines that are found at grocery stores, libraries, and sometimes even airports, have @ORGANIZATION1 covers on the front to visually censor the front page of the magazine. Movies are given ratings based on their level of explicit material, and when shown on basic cable, they sometimes can have either silenced words, or more appropriate words brought in to fit the dialougue in the movie. Books, although very rarely, have been banned from libraries and censored from the entire world. Some books have been previously censored, but became uncensored and brought back to libraries. In my opinion, censorship should not be based on a single person's view of the material, but rather on the viewpoint of the public. Growing up, my parents would watch carefully about what shows I watched, what music I listened to, or the types of magazines that i looked at.     When I was growing up, I loved to watch professional wrestling. I loved to watch big scary guys as tall as seven feet hitting each other with steel chairs, crashing each other into tables, or throwing each other off of twenty-foot steel cages. My brother and I used to have a favorite wrestler that we would for every week, @PERSON1 @CAPS1 could freighten any other wrestler who stood in his way. My brother and I loved to watch @PERSON1 @CAPS1 compete every week for a chance at a world chamionship belt. As time passed, professional wrestling began to welcome in beautiful women into their business. These women would come out onto the ring with tight, shiny, lingerie on as they became eye-candy for the men who watched professional wrestling. One day, I'm watching two girls fighting in a match when my mom walks in. She takes one look at the half-naked girls fighting each other and turns off the @CAPS3 and declares that professional wrestling is too adult for me. Even though I was twelve at the time, I didn't want to get in an argument with my mom about how much I should be allowed to see. Censorship can be based on the ideas and viewpoints of the parents and guardians.     I was in grade school when I fell in love with the show, '@CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6.' @CAPS7 is a show about four boys who go on unintentional adventures to save their @CAPS4 @CAPS5. These four boys, who are all around eleven years old, use curse words that some adults would be afraid to use in every day life. Their behavior is very controversial and the show itself has been forced to ban a few of their episodes for safety reasons. One problem with @CAPS7 show was that my dad loved @CAPS7 show as well, and tried to get my mom to like the show. When my mom saw the show, she immediately banned me from watching it because of its explicit content. Now that I am older, I am able to make my own decisions about what I watch, but as a kid, my parents decided what was appropriate for me.     I grew up listening to several different types of music. My brother listened to rap, alternative, and even songs that were in musicals because he was in show choir. My dad introduced me to classic rock, and my mom loved soft rock. Although I didn't necessarily like the music that my mom liked, I learned to love my dad's music and my brother's music. I loved to listen to music from artists like @ORGANIZATION4, @ORGANIZATION1, @LOCATION1, @ORGANIZATION3, @CAPS8, @CAPS9, and so on. My musical tastes branched out into a variety of different genres. One day, I'm walking in the hallway when I hear some music coming from the living room. I go to see what is playing because it sounds unfamiliar. My dad and my brother told me to go into another room and not listen to the music. The song was by a band named @ORGANIZATION2. Even though it might seem unfair, censorship, given by the parents and guardians, is very necessary.     Although some people might find a certain piece of material offensive, it doesn't mean that the entire world should be banned from the material itself. If that person wants to keep away from the material and keep their kids from seeing or listening to that material, they are able to do that. Censorship, given by the parents or guardians, is the best way to view censorship. Nothing should be banned from a library, music store, or any other place that sells these materials. Censorship is important, but the entire banning of a certain piece of material is unjust.",4.325935
"When you think of a book do you think happy kids books, or mysterious dark books? What if I was to say offensive books? Most magazines, music, books, and movies you take off the shelf today are not so happy or mysterious that you @MONTH1 think.      When I think of a movie I want to watch I think of something that im going to injoy; not something im going to shut off in the middle of it. What if you pick a movie that @MONTH1 look good from the front cover and you read the back and it sounds good but when you get home to watch it with your little sister or brother its the exact opposite. Do you turn it in? Do you turn it off and waist your money not doing anything about it?     Offensive books, movie, music, and magazines should be cleared from the store. If your not going to finish it, then why is it there? Im not going to watch or read a book if its not going to make me feel good as a person or make myself feel good. If people can sit there and write it, act it or play it then we should be able to speak our oppinion on it if its good or not.      People have feelings, if there going be hurt by something we should enjoy then take them off the shelves. Do something about it. We all should have the success for doing something for other people, and if not that then for ourselves.",2.8923948
"Every parent has their own opinion upon topics like this; but even if you were to censor out books, movies, music, etc., your child would still be allowed to find that book or movie on the internet uncensored. Yes, parents believe that having things censored will be better for their children, but children have much more technology and much more access to uncensored music.     As each day goes by the minds of children become more and more cerious as to what the world has to offer. The more parents keep there children away from things in life the more chance they have of their child sneaking out or just not being the person you thought they would be. Every person is there own person; I personally would say to just leave the books, music, movies, ect. on the shelves of libraries; children will find out anyways, wither it is from friends, or the media.     Its not to say that your child will become corrupt if listing to such music, but I believe that at a certin age parents should have talks with their children about stuff that is happening in the world, because children are not going to go be children for long and you will not be able to control them forever.     Everybody was a child at one point in time and I am pretty such that most parents very much disliked when their parents would keep them away from things they wanted to do or maybe that they wanted to see, but life aways is not fair and these are just on persons opinions.     Either way if you decide to take all the music and censor it out or if you do the same things to all the books and movies, etc. there will still be unhappy adults and unhappy parents. No matter what happens odds are is that children will find their way around these things, it never fails. There will always be some way your child can get around you, always going to be some way your kids will get past your rules; just think about it, if they disobay you once they will most likely do it again. It is in a child's nature.     So like I said before every parent and every person has their own opinion upon topics like such, me personally I say just leave it and lets the parents of these children handle it the way they would like to, because yoy can not please everybody.",3.4012437
I dont thank so due to the fact that most libraries in towns and cities are open to the public.  if the person or persons find the peice of material offending then they should pass the item.  or they can skim over it.  on the other hand the person or persons does have the right to freedom of speech but should not exceed their opinion above the level of the law.       if music is played in the library that others do find offended then in my opinion yes they should and can speak up for their rights.  books and magazines should be allowed in the public library even if they feel offended.  this is due to the fact that it is a public library and there should be many many different kinds of books.  this is because people hav different personalities which mean we wll like different things.  that does not mean that others can not speak their opinion because like i said earlier every one in the united states of america has the right to speak what is on their mind even though it @MONTH1 not be what others want to hear they can still do it.     well that is my opinion on what i think should happen.,2.7740574
"Dear news people,     I am qriting to you because I have my own answer on what people should do with books. I think it is ok for people to write whatever thay want because it's a free contruy to where you can do anything that you tink you can do. What I am trying to say is that people can write books how ever thay want with anything in it such as drugs, sex, abuse, bad language, and so on you get what I'm saying. I think it's ok to write whatever they want and put whatever it was they wrote about on the shelf. It's they person who is picking a book choose to read a book just because they don't like what the book was about they don't have to make a big deal about it and cause a problem. People can just not pick the book up and look for another book.     I don't think it's fear that people should make a big deal out of a book that they don't have to read at all it makes no since to me and I bet a lot of people would agree. If I was someone who was a aganised stuff like sex, and drugs and I saw it in a book I would just set it down and look for a book that I would agree with than causing a problem like others would. It just is not fare and it's a waist of time to me if someone has to complane about something so dumb.     So to rap this thing up I think people who don't like the way books are writen should just put it down and not worry about it and buy a book that they feel better off with reading. There is no point to waist time and cause a problem that's my oppion about this problem hope it is yours to.",2.7011771
"Computers are a common household item these days. Due to how much computers are able to do, most people spend a lot more time on the computer than they should, and it is affecting our society. Computers can be very helpful, when trying to find information on a topic, but some people take it too far. Some people, their jobs are on computers. Others like teenager will do gaming or have instant messengers, which sometimes takes away from outside activities. Another situation with computers is that adults can get really into online gambling which is terrible for a person to do even at a casino, but now they can do it from their living room couch. Computers can also keep you in from outside, to get fresh air and sunlight. Computers are bad in someways but good in others. Sometimes computers are a pefect resource. When your history teacher assigns you a @NUM1 page essay on the civil war and you have no idea what happend in the civil war. In this case computers are good. Or your boss could tell you to find the amount of teen deaths in car accidents due to cellphones. Computers seem like a perfect resource. So far you've learned computers have their highs and lows but if computer time was limited then people would be able to do more stuff outside, or read a book. Some people might abuse computers others might not but if computer time was just limited I belive, that a lot of things would be different in our society today.",3.3078923
"They should not be removed from the shelves. If someone finds it offensive they don't have to look at it or check it out. If someone finds it offensive then they can ask for that material to be put on the highest shelf their. They have a choice on whether they can get it or not. Many materials found in a library even if it is offensive can be helpful for someone else. The material could have or show some much needed information.      The people who find it offensive have the right to not look at it. Just cause there is some kind of material they find offensive does not mean that everyone does to. The people do not need to look at something that they find offensive. If there is something offensive about just ask a librarian if they can place that book or movie up higher on the shelves.      If they find something offensive about the material then they can just not look at. Just don't check it out if you find it offensive. If they need it out of site you can always put it on the highest shelf.      There are a lot of offensive material in libraries. Even though they are found offensive to someone, someone else could use that material for a paper or project. Getting rid of a material can lose someone information about whatever they are researching. The books are always the easiest way to get information but not when you are getting rid of them.      The reason why material from libraries should not be taken away is cause the kids can still find that stuff on the internet. If you get rid of those materials you should probably get rid of your internet too. No matter how you try to keep your kids away from finding or seeing offensive stuff there is always a way for them to see it. So the offensive material should not be taken off shelves in the library because they are needed and children will find out about the offensive stuff when ever they want to",3.6515634
"Has a computer helped you ever answerd hard question or type up an essay for school for work? I know a computer has helped me far years so why would I teminate it or want it gone. Heres the controversy, many experts believe computers don't benefit society but people, such as myself, believe the exact oppositte. Their are many benefits to oconing a computer such as they're always a source of information, allow you to talk online with others, and they can help people with their school and job loans. No matter what the problem, don't you believe a computer is always a source of information that could help? A computer has endless information on any topic unlike books. This is because everyone, from the most to the least intelligent people, have their opinions, ideas, and hard facts in a computer on the web. I once watched a movie of a man who despised computers and new technology. Thus, for most of his life he wondered the world with no hint or clue as where to @CAPS4 in search of a rare artifact called the @CAPS1 diamon. He never found the diamond but his son who searched it on the internet found out the root geo from @CAPS1 meant underground in ancient @CAPS2 culture. due to a computer he found the diamond underground, beneath the ancient @CAPS2 temples. Therefore, I believe if people would embrace technology such as computers they would find many things that they never thought of. also, computers give you the ability to chat online with family and friends. Many people use computers to stay in touch when they have no available phones, with a computer you could chat with your friend down the street or your family member on vacation in another country. No matter where you are a compute can always be on available form of communication. for example, the only way many of our soldiers fighting wars stay in touch with their loved ones back home is by talking to them online with a computer. One thing I know is no matter how old to probably about @NUM1, if you have a job or go to school you have used a computer to help you with @CAPS4. Whether it was getting an answer to a homework question or researching a person for a project, we all use computers. Computers even have the ability to help you make brochures or pamphlets. This can greatly help you advertise if that is something you do at work. Also, many people don't have the neatest handwriting so they type their essay or letter to their boss, you can even choose what type of handwriting it types. No matter the case, with work a computer always helps. Yes, I do believe computers benefit the society. Althourgh, some experts do disagree with me and believe they can become an addition. Still take my suggestions seriously and continue to use your computer. Remember, it is always a source of info., you can chat online, and it helps with work.",4.3939085
"Dear editor, @TIME1 week, I noticed an article in the paper headlined ""@CAPS1 off the computer and go exercise."" This caught me off gaurd because there are many benefits to computers, such as it enchances education, you can learn about foreign countries, and you can talk to other people. Every school has a computer. Their easy access and very helpful. I know that @TIME1 year, if someone asked a question and the teacher wasn't sure of it, we would go strait to the computer. It also helps us do better on projects. I know I had to do a project @TIME1, and without the computer I wouldn't have it today. We also use the computers for the programs they have. In art, we made a cartoon, and made it look real with photoshop. It's also easy and fast to use a computer for research. You can also learn ahead far away places with a computer. For example, you can find out about other countries in the world. You could find out if it were landlocked, not landlocked, how many people live there, and facts similar to those. You can also learn the history about the country such as their leaders and government. Finally, you can also learn up-to-the minute-facts with websites like @CAPS2.com. Lastly, you can talk with other people using email, instant messaging, and websites like facebook, which allows you to connect with friends. With email, you talk with someone for buisness for to recieves links to @CAPS1 to websites, and to @CAPS1 information. Instant messaging is just like texting on your phone, except much faster. You can instantly talk to people and catch up with them. Thousands of people are on facebook. You can connect with old friends, and talk to current ones. I knkow my mom uses facebook and talks to old friends since she moved. So, in my opinion, I think computers are a good thing to have. Not only do they enhance your education, but they also teach us foreighn countries history and let us connect to old friends. When you were in school, do you remember your ""best-friend-for-life?"" @CAPS3, with facebook you can catch up with them, instead of them being a memory.",3.8642755
"Book Censorship?          Should books be censored? This a national problem about the contents of books. It is a big deal. What one parent feels is very offensive another @MONTH1 feel it has a necessary life lesson that their children need to learn.     If you ask me thaqt question I would say, '@CAPS1 I believe the books should ,but to a national scale and not a community one.'@CAPS2 this I mean a book with things like references to nudity or other things of volgur nature ,not just because it has a bad word in it that a parent feels to be inappropiate for their child. I believe there should be a national rating system for books like there is in the movie industry.      Also i believe that it is the parents' job to regulate what their children read. If they believe the book is vulgar or inappropiate but the system don't then you need to prevent their children from reading it without taking it off the shelf. It is the parents' job to regulate the reading of their children not the contents of the bookshelf.     Like in Katherine Paterson's @CAPS3 ' All of us can think of a book we hope none of our children or any children have taken off the shelf. But if I had the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else.And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.' @CAPS2 this I believe she means that if we all took a book of the shelves for our children there would be no books because what is not offensive to you @MONTH1 be very offensive to another parent. So the parents should leave it on the shelf and prevent their own kids from reading it and let the other parents worry about their own kids.     @CAPS1 I believe in a goverment censorship program but to an extent. It is the parents' job to regulate the readings of their children ,but they do not need to regulate the contents of the bookshelf",3.4164488
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 people owner either computers or laptops. They both do the same things. These electronics are famminal. They can help you do a lot of things that others @MONTH1 not. These @MONTH1 help you find long lost sibling or whom ever you @MONTH1 want to find. Computers @MONTH1 also get you hurt or @CAPS4 if you buy on be careful. I went to find my brother I left when I do it my mother's house"" cried the woman. That is a job for a computer. @CAPS3 websites accessable threw a computer @MONTH1 help you do this, such as facebook, myspace and This can effect yours and @CAPS3 mores. This can turn your life around inna heartbeat. It can make what any seam a hard time into a good just by finding your loved one. Computers with @CAPS3 risk. You can try to pay your bills online and send your money to the wrong websites. That can get you identity stolen. You can also put all your information online and you @MONTH1 not think a lot of when they really do. You can put your fone number, address and manymore and people @MONTH1 contact you act like someone else and @MONTH1 you or even kill you. @CAPS3 people thinks it very but it isn't, @CAPS4 watch out what yo do. The computer a big problem on why the is @CAPS4 @CAPS3 people don't like to go out to buy stuff anymore, they rather just go on the computer and shop. That is one reason why you begun to be way to You @MONTH1 go @MONTH1 just stay home and just play games online. @CAPS4 @CAPS3 more american on you do both just be lazy. At the everyhting it's your computers a useful @CAPS4 do pros not the",3.2483354
"Some people do not like the fact that there are books on the shelf that they consider offensive. People argue to get the corruptive  books, magazines, movies off the shelves. The customers have the choice not to check out the material, it's not their place to try to get the object removed from the shelf.          People that go to the library have the choice to read the book or not, if they have heard bad reviews about the book then they can just ignore it. The books on the shelves in public libraries are there for a reason, and its not to be taken off just because some people dont care for it. Reasons might be that the book goes against beliefs of religion, or just the way those people view things, but that still does not give them the right to remove the book from the shelf.          Everybody has different likeings and tastes when it comes to books. Because a book is not up to one person's standards does not mean that it is not up to another person's. Beliefs and standards differ from person to person and that is why the likeing of books is different to most everybody.          Most people are worried about their children reading the books that they find offensive. If your child is looking for books to read and they pick out one of the books you dont want them reading then tell them that the book is innapropriate. The kid will most likely listen to you and put the book back, that is a much better technique than trying to get the book removed.          Removing a book from the shelf is completely unfair to the other people who visit the library. Everybody should have the right to read what they want and have the choice to ignore the books that they choose not to read. When looking for a book, magazine, movie, etc., and you run across one you find innapropriate then ignore it and continue with your day, it's as simple as that",3.4955068
"There are many kinds of books, music, movies, and magazines in one library. People all over the world have different interests in differtent subjects. Some people take offence to certain books, songs, movies, magazines, etc. Another person @MONTH1 not and think its offencive at all. For example, a religous book that talks about @CAPS1 being one guy when some people beleive differently. The book should not be put away, for there are also books that will be all about your beliefs.          The variety of subjects in a library such as songs, magazines and everything else in the library is huge. There should never be a book, movie, or item removed when one person takes offence to it because in Katherine Paterson quote, its makin the point if someone decides they want to remove a book from the shelf anyone could. Which eventually would leave people with no variety in books which would start a huge problem. People would not be able to read as much as they'd like because they would not have the ability to pick between many options. The library provides information for teachers, students, researchers, writers and for readers who do it as a hobby. If that was takin away from people, the people would become less informed about many things in the world.         In @CAPS2 freedom is important and we expect it, freedom of speech and the freedom to have your own opinions and interests. Therefor if items were being removed from a public place that gives that, @CAPS2 would not let this happen. People have the right to like whatever they want, if someone takes offence to an item in the library they should walk away from it and not stress about removing it",3.385724
"It seems as if inappropriate materials are found everywhere in today's world.  In magazines, in books, in the lyrics of music, the possibilities of where to sneak in offensive references are endless, and they certainly pop up everywhere these days.  But should your resources of where you find these materials be limited due to other people's morals or values?  I disagree with this act, and I would like to tell you why I do.     All of us have different morals, values, and sences of what is right and what is wrong; everyone's are different.  Maybe it's your religion or culture that keep you from these materials.  But why should your values and beliefs dictate what another person can or cannot get from their library?  I know I don't just speak for myself when I say I would be very annoyed if I couldn't get the books or materials I wanted or needed just because the person next to me doesn't agree with what is being found through researching it.  I do believe certain things should be seperated from other parts of the libraries.  For example, books that would be found offensive to children should be kept away from where children can pick out things in a library.  That is completely understandable.  But when things are being removed because certain peolpe don't agree with them or find them offensive, that is when things are going too far.  This nation was built on the grounds of freedom for what you believe in.  So why should we force others to believe something we think?  Just because I find something offensive, doesn't mean the person next to me does, which is completely fine with me.  That is his or her own personal opinion, and what I believe should not keep him or her from learning about the things they would like to.  One way to fix this problem would be to seperate things that could possibly be found offensive into another section of the library and to put out a sign or paper saying what exactly can be found in that section.     In conclusion, no, I do not think libraries should be censored.  I know I could walk into my local library and find things I found offensive right now, but I would not want my own opinion to effect someone else's viewing of that material.  People should think about one another once in a while and not be so stuck on what they personally believe.  The world is an opinionated place, if it were not we would have nothing.  A library can be filled with usful materials, so the focus should be on what you can find in a library to help you, not on what is in the library that you do not want to see.  If you find something offensive, simply stay away from it, but don't try to take it away from the rest of the world.",4.0473504
"Censorship is a big controversy in modern society due to the fact of so many opinions being conveyed through all the new medias in the modern world. When a person has a veiw they tend to want to share it with the world or defend it againts those who opose their opinion. Some people do not always like what is being said or take offense in the way it is presented, thus causing the government, or any authority, to remove or replace these words, photos, lyrics, or film from a select public, such as children, or the entire public. This is censorship and it has caused many debates over what is acceptable in society's media.     I believe censorship is wrong. It violates the @CAPS1 peoples' rights of free speach. When a person has an opinion, they have the right to voice it anyway they want. The authorities should not be involved in what someone writes, sings, creates, etc., in anyway. Censorship takes away from the integrity and purity of a human's thoughts.     Who is to say what can and can't be said? Do we just let the government tell us what we can say and what is illegal? Do we stop expressing ourselves in the way we desire because it is not appropriate? No. We, as the people, must be free to say what we want in our stories and songs, along with movies and other media. If a person does not like what they see then they can turn away or they have the right to speak out against it in their own way; but they do not have the right to opress. They should write back, convey their message and try to win support, not control.     Censorship is not good for any society. People want to say whatever they want and they have the right to. Censorship is not a solution to discrimation or anger, it is only a fuel. If parents do not like something and do not want their children to experience it then do not take it from them, then they should tell them how it is 'wrong' and give them their opinion and reasons so the child @MONTH1 descide what they believe in on their own. An opinion is every human being's right and it belongs to them, not the authorities.",3.7960382
"I think books that have nudity, curse words, or gang related violence should be put in either a adult shelf or taken off for good. They show kids stuff they shouldnt see or do when they get older. They just arent appropriate. No childeren should know about drugs, sex, or epspecially gang violence. Its stuff they should never even find out about. So i think we should take them books off the shelf, if people want to read them they can go buy themselves a copy.",1.9597298
"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people have computers in there house hold but they disagrees with a computer can help you. There are some advantages in useing computers such as being able to search information able learn hand-eye coordination, becomeing organized, but it also has it's disadvangtages like children spending more time on the computer rather than going out side and playing with friends and exersizeing and staying fit. I agree with computers do produce a positive impact on children. Computers not only let a child stay in contact with their family that live faraway but it can also help them get a progect done more eveficantly and quickly. It @MONTH1 seem that where are doing one thing but when in fact we can be uploading pictures and movies, downloading muisc and playing games at the same. Now with all that I have told you @DATE1 I hope that we share the same point of veiws on computers like how they are good to have and their positive in part.",2.8734603
"There are many types of reading materials for people to read in a library. You can find things on cars, trucks, sports, and made up stories for fun. There are some materials in a library though that could be offensive. But should those materials be removed from the library? Some think that they should and others think that they shouldn't be.     In my opinion I don't think that things should be removed from a library. Certain people @MONTH1 find things offensive and others @MONTH1 think it is perfectly fine to have in a library. I think there should be certain areas and age limits for certain materials a person could find in  library.     I think that there should be age limits for certain types of reading material. People don't want a little child to read something that is meant to be for an adult. That would teach kids bad things that they don't need to be reading about. I think that there should be an area set for kids that are in elementary to high school and there should be a section that is for adults. That way kids aren't reading things that are meant for adults.     I also think that are there should be more signs that show more about what some books are about. Like if there are books on slavery they should have an area for books that are about that that way people who are offended be it know to stay away from it. The same with magazines. i don't think they should be removed from a library if they are found offensive to some people because other people @MONTH1 enjoy reading them.     Some reading material @MONTH1 be found offensive to certain people but to othersit @MONTH1 not be. I think things shouldn't be removed from libraries. There are some things that people @MONTH1 need have in a library if they are doing a project that way they have the resources to do it.     I do think that certain movies and music should be removed from shelves if little kids are aloud in the store. kids don't nedd to be watching adult movies while they are in elementary school. That just isn't right. Espaecially if the movie is promoting sex, violence, and other things that young kids should not be doing.     So in my opinion there are some things that should and should not be removed from a library. Music and movies that promote things that young children should not be doing. Magazines and other things should be kept away to where only adults could get to them",3.610132
"I think that censorship in libraries is and is not a good idea because some people wouldnt get to read what they want to. I read world war @CAPS1 books, and a wide selectionof others and if they take those away just for being offensive id have nothing to read. If i find a book i think is offinsive I just put it back and dont get it.     I think they should age books like this book is for ages @NUM1, and especialy movies and magizines because kids dont need to read or see certain things, because books and movies sometimes refer to drugs or alcohole and murder. I dont think music is a big deal because music isnt very influincial but music videos are soometimes bad. Movies sometimes go to far though and i wouldnt want my kids watching them, so i wouldnt mind if they take thos off the shelves if they are offinsive.I dont think books should be taken off the shelf because parents should know what there kids are reading anyway. I would at least check the book or magazine before geting it for my kids and so should other parents.theres always going to be offinsive books and movies so its the parents job to make sure there kids dont get thos kinds of books or magazines.",2.5220711
"Dear @CAPS1 of the @ORGANIZATION1, I personaly disagree with the experts who are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. The reason why I disagree is because it not the computers folt people don't get out and exercise. Buying a computer and getting on the computer is free will and the computer dosen't you get on it that's our choice so we can't blame the computer for people not excerising. Another important thing to remember is that computers are important is because they help you get more educated. For example there are computer class online for people that want to there degree in different fields, with just a click of a button you it can change you future and career for the rest of you life. The most important reason is because it help people learn about different cultures and ways of life. I love learning about @LOCATION1 and @LOCATION2 even through they had that terriable storm. I thank you for listening to my opinon and I hope that it change's your point of living a life without computers",2.9873285
"This is a very difficult topic to argue with. In my opinion I believe that there should be certian types of censorship in the libraries. Eventually everyone is going to be exposed to the type of material in some of these books and etc. This material should be allowed in public libraries and highschool libraries, but of course you wouldn' want to see a highschool level of maturity in an elementary library.      Highschool students are more than likely to be exposed to inapropriate music and magazines than younger children. If they would like to listen to music that has inapropriate language then they should be allowed to. If there are young kids doing this it is obviously a bad thing because it is teaching them wrong things early in there life. It is even best if they arn't exposed to this at all.       There are also certian books in this world that are inapropriate to even highschool students and they need to stay out of all libraries so that there is no exposure. Once they are old enough to make their own choices then that is their decision on wether or not they want to look at those books. There are some things that can and can't be put out into liraries. Even you should know what belongs or doesn't.     So as I come to my conclusion, there should be things like music, books, and magazines but leave out the graphic material, children don't need to see that kind of stuff. It is all your own choice of things you want to read. Just make it the right choice, and understand what your reading, watchin, listening to, or being around.",3.0301824
"Libraries are a great resource for information all around the world.  They contain many different styles and genres of books.  Some might not be appropriate for young children to read.  There are people that debate whether or not some books are too offensive to be put up on library shelves.  I believe that no book should be denied of this right.  Most children that go to a library already know what kind of book they want and are with an adult at all times.     Most libraries have children sections.  Offensive books are most likely found in the teenager or adults sections, not the children section.  So, to my defense, there could really be no way that a child would seek out these 'offensive' books anyway.  Children today are exposed to more explicit topics, but I doubt they would want to read a book about them.     Next, if a child goes up to the check out desk the librarian should be able to tell their parent or guardian that certain book is not suitable for that age of child.  Going back to my point of children usually go to libraries with their guardians, they should be supervised at all times while in a library.  If an adult cares that much about what their child reads they can easily decide what is offensive or not.     Finally, authors should not be punished for writing something they believe in or like.  They worked hard on writing and publishing their novels, they should be able to show them off.  If librarians do take off books for being offensive to some adults, a lot of books will be gone from the shelves.  The quote used for this essay explains this thought more thoroughly.  People should be able to read whatever they want, offensive or not.  Children being able to do this? Depends on the parent.      There is no way a child could check out an offensive book, take it home, and read it without their guardian knowing.  Yes, all parents do not care about what their child reads, so this could happen.  Just because some adults complained about books being too offensive for their children doesn't mean a revolt has to happen.  Those parents should just step up and be more strict about what their child can and cannot read.  Some of the most 'offensive' books out there are the very best to read.",3.8528914
"I think that there are some books out there that really do need to be taken on the library shelves and just be put in book stores for ones own useage. Then there are other books that people just need to be more mature about like history books talking about wars, slavrey and books with curse words in them.      School libraries such as the elementry and high school should have books according to their age groups. If the libririan knows the book is not something a young kid should read then they shouldnt let them check it out. The music,magazines and movies should also be age appropiate for the age groups too little children do not need to hear cuss words every five seconds in a song.      Movies should be age appropiate too. Thats why libraries have sections for babys,toddlers,pre teens, teens and adults so if your really concerned that your child or even just your self are gonna find a offensive book or one thats not good for the age group then stay ing your own section. Lets say your a teen and theres a book that is not right for you too read and is for more older people then you should be able to tell a librarian that is there and maybe she can just move it out of that section.          Every person feels differently about whats offensive and not  offensive though so libraries shouldnt have to take out every book that offends one person cause it's not fair to the rest of the people. Besides no ones making you check out that book",2.87278
"Bad @CAPS1      @CAPS2 off yes, I do think think they should be removed if they are bad. If you wouldn't say it to your parents face when your at a younger age then you don't need to be listening to it or reading it.     I would not want my younger kids reading or watching anything that they know they couldnt say to my face. There are so many things that little kids can see. Like at any @LOCATION1 or any where there are magazines with ladies in there bra and underwear and its the same thing with the guys. I dont think its right they should they them put up where it isn't so easy for the little ones to see. Those kind of things are justy going to get kids asking question that make the parents have to lie.     Then theres kids watching tv and they have the stupid cartoons where the kids are on there cusing and talking aboout sex then your kid goes to that channel when your not around hear all these stupid stuff. Then their going to go tell there friends what they heard because they think its cool then all kinds of kids are hearing it. When you can just take channels like that off your tv and make everything easier.      I think the worst is liking people sign about killing people and raping kids and all this and that. I would never let my kids listen to music like that i don't care how old they are. I also think that is where most of the stuff kids pick up are  from the music they want to listen to its horrible. I would do anything to make it where kids coudnt listen to that stuff until their parents didnt care. I know my parents didnt like me listening to it when I was young and I see why now that im older and know what all of it means so i'm never going to let my kids listen to it when they are at a young age.     In all that I hope that I made a good point and hope you feel the same way. Why let are kids listen to the stuff that hurts them and us in the longt run it just not worth the trouble letting them do what they want.",2.9436815
"What is appropriate in libraries these days? The opinions differ throughout the variety of different people across @LOCATION1.  Censorship has taken a turn in public libraries, but still has been strictly forbidden from school libraries. Personally, I think that there is a difference between vulger and inappropriate items in a public library versus a school library.      A public library is a place for anyone and anywhere to come and find an item that they are interested in. As we all know, everyone is different and have their own interests, so they should be able to find the book, music, etc. for them. The problem is, how do the libraries keep these uncensored objects out of children's hands? The answer should be simple. For thought, maybe all public libraries should be broken up into sections, each with their own subject matter. These different sections could include Children's, @CAPS1, and many more different titles. This set up is often used in well known book stores and libraries such as '@CAPS2 and @CAPS3' and '@CAPS4'.  Overall, censorship in public libraries does not need to be as strict as school libraries.     School libraries are a whole different idea. School libraries are made to help assist the students' academic acheivement, nothing more and nothing less. However, I also think that the content in the school libraries also depends on the maturity of the students. For example, elementary and middle school libraries should have a stricter censorship than high school libraries. The students in high school should be mature enough to handle uncensored material without creating a huge scene, like we all know younger students would do. I have personally seen and witnessed a few so called 'inappropriate' books on the shelf at my high school library, but the readers of the book have been mature about reading it. I believe that some offensive and vulger items can be interesting and educational. It is all a part of growing up.          The censorship in our libraries today vary from each library to the next. School libraries and public libraries are completely different places of literate and media content. I think that it is a person's own personal decision dealing with which library they go to. If a family with young children want to go to the library, the parents need to choose the appropriate areas in the building to search for the children. Therefore, there should be no problem in running across a 'bad' book. The author, @PERSON1, states, 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf... And then we have no books left on the shelf for anyone.",4.1108623
"Dear @CAPS1 Have you ever wondered how much the world wide web has to offer? I would definetly agree that computers have a benificial effect on people. They teach hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about far away places and they give people the chance to recconnect or new people. The internet has so much to offer and is absolutley benifical. Studies done by @PERSON1, doctor at @ORGANIZATION1 stated that @PERCENT1 of people who are on the computer typing have better hand eye coordination than those who do not. You could be improving your coordination and not even know it! Intelligent people would agree that being on the computer is very helpful to you. There are many computer games are there that you have to react quickly to and call for fast reflex and hand eye coordination. I know personally that it has help us. Since @CAPS2 been on the computer more I have noticed that my reaction time off this block for has shockly improved! Yes, I know that some people should get outside and exercise, but you can excersize and improve your hand eye coordination, either way you can go wrong. As the massive sits in space like high take fascinating worlds it the computers. The technology of computers to learn about the far away places. Kevin, scientist that @PERCENT2 of our knowing about space come from computers! For example think about google earth; it allows the human eye to see clear pictures of anywhere in the world! I think you would agree that without computers we would a lot of knowledge about the wonderful world around us. Would you rather us not have computers and not know half the stuff about we live in? By these high tech computers we can learn about life outside like space, and other galaxies. Did you know that @NUM1 of the population use the computer to talk, and reconnect to friends and family. I know I do! I know that people shouldn't be to computer, talking to people. But its a great way to stay in touch with people. They have awesome websites like skype and oovo that allows you to chat with other people over. Friendly, educated people agree that this is a good way to catch up with old friends from highschool or even way back to grade school. Another great aspect of online communicating is long friendships can be created. Newly explain, now they not online and got so close they ! Personally I know that I go to @DATE1 camp every year and make new friends. Internet websites like facebook helped me keep in touch with her. Clearly this is a great source to use! The time has come to decide the choice of using computers would deffinetly be a wise one. Without a doubt it will certainly help you; hand eye coordination and keep you talk or recconect with people. Most importantly it gives people the ability to learn about the wonders of far away places. So dont make the wrong choice, and appreciate and use all this computers have to offer.",4.200255
"To whom it @MONTH1 concern:          As time goes on in this ever-expanding world of ours, it seems that one thing that is constantly being fought and argued is censorship. Censorship allows things in our world that are viewed as 'offensive' to be comprimised.     People these days though. must be getting offended much more easily these days, because it seems that media is censored more than it ever has been. I for one, am sick of having the 'veil over the eyes' as it were. Most censorship in this country is run through programs our government has established, censorship shouldn't be up to a organization, but instead to the person viewing it. In other words, why should other people decide what is most pleasant for us to watch? Nobody knows you better than yourself, so why shouldn't you decide?      Why should censorship exsist in our media if it doesn't exsist in our everyday lives? There are plenty of things people see that they regret seeing, it's all in how you take it. No matter who it is, people are going to see things they don't want to see, that's just life.      Censorship denies our rights as @CAPS1 citizens to have the right for free speech. If you don't like something you're seeing, then look away yourself",3.2608597
"I think that books, magazines, papers etc shouldn't be removed from the librarys because some @CAPS1 like to @CAPS2 them. Some @CAPS1 feel that reading a book about there problem will help them get through what ever problem they are having. @CAPS1 often say that they are stressed and depressed. Those @CAPS1 can get the books and @CAPS2 them to help them solve there problems.     If the books etc are offensive then, the @CAPS1 who think they are shouldn't get them. The can't control what books are in the library. Some @CAPS1 have problems and some of the books can help them. Alot of @CAPS1 I know dont think that alot of books are offensive. Its eather they want to @CAPS2 them or they dont.      If @CAPS1 think that books etc are offensive they will just have to deal with it. @CAPS1 like to @CAPS2 all kinds of books and some dont even like to @CAPS2. For the @CAPS1 who like to @CAPS2 they can pick whatever book they want that they feel confortable with. If they think that a book is offensive they go past it and find a different book to @CAPS2.      I suppose if you find a offensive book you could go to the teacher or someone and talk about it. Im sure that they wont do anything about it. The books and other things are there for a reason, 'For @CAPS1 To @CAPS2', and to understand what there life is and how to fix it.      You have to control under the books. You can't tell them what books should be one the shelf and what cant be on the shelf. In conclusion I think that @CAPS1 should deal with it because they cant control it",2.9936595
"I think censorship in libraries is wrong. Books, movies, and magazines are ment to inlighten, inform, and entertain the reads. If you find something offensive in the book, movie, or even the magazine doesn't mean the next person will. If you don't want your child reading or watching those things, then limit what they watch or read, don't make the people who don't have a problem with what their reading or watching suffur. They have the same right to have those books, movies, and magazines on the shelves as you do!     There has been times when I've wanted a book, but the libaray won't get it because of the adult content in the book. Yet I was raised reading those book, so to me it wasn't adult content. The same goes with the movies, I was allowed to watch rated @CAPS1 movies when I was eight years old. Yet movies have ratings that tell you if it's of for a child or adult, like @NUM1 to rated @CAPS1. The libaray has the same works, a child cannot rent a movie rated @CAPS1 without a parent present to get it for them, same goes for a movie theater.     Parent who are worried about their childrens well being, shouldn't make libraries take books, movies, and magazines off the shelves, because of things they find offensive. Other people who pay taxes for those books, movies, and magazines would like to read them as much as the next one, like some libraries bann 'The @CAPS4 of @PERSON1', because of the way the story is written. Someone found it offensive and gathered a lot of other people, whom didn't read the book but took the word from the person who did, and banned the book. If they had read the book they'd would have understood, it wasn't ment to be offensive, but a fictional story of @CAPS4.     I remember living in a town, with a lot of christin people, so the libraries only had christin books. When I went to the libraren and asked for a series of books, and was always turned down, because of the christin population. I told them 'I have as much rights too have those books on the shelve, as they have to have their books on the shelves.' I never got those books, but maybe someday they will look back on those requests and think of way they should have gotten them.     The reason I think censorship is wrong, is because no one should be able to tell people what they should read or watch. When they pay the same taxes everyone does to have those books and movies on the libraries shelves. If you have a problem with what your child watches and reads, than limit what your child reads and watches. Don't take away other people rights to read and watch what they want.",3.4833078
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion computers are wonderfull to the society in many ways. They can keep memories we cant keep forever like @CAPS3, @CAPS1's, and type letters. Computers also can give you dieting tips and advice from live locals. But, important of all of it, family that you miss can talk to you for hours without a phone bill. To begin, computer can give you @CAPS2 tips on things you didn't know, so it can also be a learning center. For example: your extremely stresed out because you have a huge paper to do but have no facts, there are a millions websites you could go to find your answers on. The next day you get your paper back and theres a A stamped right across it. Another @CAPS2 thing about computers is that you can talk to your family members all the way in a different city, town, state, or even content! you @MONTH1 miss them alot but you can always see them to them or type to them to let that sad feelings melt away for a little bit. Every @NUM1 in @NUM2 americans say missing or not seeing a family member is like letting a little piece of your heart fall off. Everybody knows what its like to have a memory that you could never forget:  but what about those little memories that @CAPS3, websites, and written work seems to slip away from the brain. Computers save all of that so the ""I know its to its like to loose its like a little part of life that you have lived walks always"" exclaims @PERSON1 who could This is exactly why computer in many ways. I hope you are @CAPS2 for the mind, tips and family.",3.295103
"I tink that a computer is a good idea because when people are online they like to talk to there family and see them by the video cam. When you dont want to go out or your just go online and pay us . Like would you like to be no because when you watching a movie that you like your be like oh "" go clean your room"" and you go like ""oh wait this movie is good."" The computer are the best system for go online every body use computer. Witout computer how you going to cheak your yahoo @CAPS1. My moom love to be on @CAPS2. How you going to check your message if u dont know have a computer. If they lake computers out of sle every body is going to try to make one. and the people from walmart is going to be like they making more money than me llike the people from but buy they got good computers. no one is to make people to get people offline. Apple store have when people go over and buy some computers. When they be spending all the time on the is because they like to be online. If i like onlie you are not going to take the computers and say u searching mor in the computer. But is all bout computers when your mom is all ways at your house boring do go bu a computer whne you get money.",2.5753198
"@CAPS2, I do believe that book, music, mvies, magazines, etc., should be removed from shelves if they are taken offensive. Poeple should not be putting stuff out there if they are making others feel not happy about what they do. Althought, we might think that putting stuff in papers and on movies, don't hurt people. Well guess what they do     @CAPS1 of all, movies that have stuff to deal with sexual relationships. For example, gender marrage, they say that people should not marry the same sex. They make fun of them because they are not like others and they can take that very offensive. Very little people like being with the same sex. By us putting them in book, on movies, or making song to make them feel offensive is not the best way to go.      Another one is about special needs, movie or book that have to deal with people putting down others that have special problems. Although, they don't show that thier sad it don't mean that we didn't offened them in a way. Families that have a special needs child, sister, brother, mom or dad don't like it very much when someone outs something out there about their problem that they @MONTH1 have. Also, they will feel really upset and sometimes can get mad for that.     Most importantly, books or movies making fun of people that don't have a lot of stuff. It's not their fault that they don't have the money to buy stuff like others. For example, a nice house or nice clothes, most families have problems trying to pay rent and do other bills if only one parent is working. A lot of parents that work are gettin laid off are not even gettin paid for it. Worst of all, a famliy member (like someone who lives in the house) @MONTH1 have to go to the hospital and whe you go to the hopstial you have to pay for the bills. Some families are in and out of the hospital year after year and they don't have the money to pay for new stuff for the house or the people who live in it.     In conclusion, @CAPS2. i do believe that they shoukd take certain books, movies, mafazines, ect., off the shelves because they can be taken offensive. We don't know how rude it is to have something out there that makes fun of someone in a way until it's to late. Many people really don't like it when they see something out there thats offensive to them. They don't know how to react about it and they get frustrated",3.4323103
"Dear local newspaper I've come across this letter I saw about the technology of computers and how it's affecting people lives. I think the computer is a great of learning. Its a new way to study and do other things to learn in a fun way. My opinion is when you have to for a test, quiz or anything if can become boring. I like to study in a fun way that will to my head and I want it when is the computer to have I learn alot from the computer when im at home. my mam & dad think i spend alot @CAPS1 I do sometimes but half the time im studing test. Now i would like to the time to talk about is mentally when you go to learn. Physicly preasure or everything to You can learn different as well just log on to this has to choose them. Lastly family and friends. Family and friends are important websites like @CAPS2, facebook, aim and @CAPS3't that cool. Thats the beauty of computers and technology letting you do alot of things with only using on device. Thank you for giving me the oportunity to say my opion and what I think. I hope you take my letter and into consideration.",2.8017504
"Dear local newspaper, Are computers a bad thing? Certainyly not! They can be distracting but in a enlighting way. How? Computers give you extra knowledge, you can connect with people and if you think they take away exercise, they do not, they can actually help exercise! My first reason that computers are a positive device to have is they can give you extra knowledge. That is great for the brain! When you are sitting at home with a ton of, think again, the computer is there for you. Ask or search anything and you should have a @PERCENT1 guarentee your answer will be found! If you feel like you do not know many interesting subjects like a culture of some sort or something that you heard your computer can tell you. Just one computer can enlighten you with so much. Now when you go back to school you can brag and say ""@CAPS1 you know,?"" People will be amazed. Lately experts have been concerned that the computer device is a distracting item and it will keep you from exercising and enjoying nature, @CAPS2, no need to worry you can learn just nabcur anything on nature when you surf the web! You @MONTH1 find out more of what is in your maryard then you already knew. Exercise! Are you worried you do not get enough exercise? @CAPS2 then, go onto youtube.com, type in exercise and work out. You will come up with millions of exercise routines you can do right infront of your computer. Another thing you can do it get online for how to stay healthy and exercise! Lastly the experts is have been that we people are not having a sccial life and interacting with our family and pals. I would say we spend more time interacting with our buddies and close ones online then we do in public. With sites like facebook, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, @CAPS5, and more we are talking to those people instantly! We are setting up our weekend plans online and a lot of our social life is there. Sometimes we have family that lives long distance, no one wants to pay for a call so we have the internet to connect! In a nut shell, knowledge, exercise, and connecting with buddies are all positives in the computer. You can multi-tase so simply with just one electronic device and that is the computer! Experts, you do not need to worry.",3.86188
"Should certain materials be removed from your public library? Not everyone has the same views as eachother. What might be offenses to you, @MONTH1 be enjoyable to someone else.      I personally don't believe that anything should be removed from a library, just because something you might not like someone could really enjoy. If you don't want to learn about something you shouldn't take that away from others who do.      I think that if they do start removing things from library shelves they should still be allowed to be viewed to those who want to. Even if you just put them away would be better than taking them out of the library completely.      More and more books are banned everyday, and I personally don't think that's fair to the growing generation who don't get to enjoy the things the old generation have.      So I believe that no books should be removed from library's. If you don't believe or enjoy something doesn't mean someone else wont",3.0756185
"Keep or Remove?      Every year, more and more books of significance to literature are being taken off of the shelves in our local libraries and classrooms.  And although these books @MONTH1 contain some writing that is offensive now, they still have shaped the @CAPS1 culture today.  Along with books, many movies and magazines are also being taken off of the shelves because of offensive material.  Just because some of these materials @MONTH1 contain offensive content, does not give people the right to make them out of reach and deprive the public of what they enjoy.       So is it right to remove offensive material from libraries?  Absolutely not.  Many people enjoy books, magazines, and movies of this nature.  In reality, it is more than likely hurting the library's business more than anything because these types of materials is what @CAPS1 culture is all about.  People don't want to read about what's happening at the animal shelter across the street.  They want to read about what's going on in @LOCATION1 and about the hottest trends for seasons.  All in all, removing these materials will only hurt the library's popularity and the amount of customers they attract.       Artists write about what they love and how they feel.  How can someone tell an author of a book that his or her writing is too graphic or too offensive?  That is what he or she chose to write about!  That is how he or she expresses themselves through their writing!  By 'frowning upon' books, magazines or songs with certain offensive content, officials diminish the creativity and uniqueness of authors.  If a certain author or artist has a really great, original idea for a new song or book, but is worried about it not being carried by libraries because it is a little offensive, then obviously that author or artist is not going to write that book or song.  By removing offensive books, songs and movies, we the public are being robbed of creative and imaginitive writing.       All in all, the removal of offensive books, magazines, movies, and songs is harmful to the public and to the libraries themselves.  Generations @MONTH1 never even hear of 'The @CAPS2 of @PERSON1' just because it uses racial terms.  So what would you do if put in this situation?  Keep or remove?",3.9252129
"Who cares about unsensored things anyway? Offensive things have been around in libraries, probably since the first library opened. There has been 'offensive' things in a library for as long as i can remember. Now everyone is suppose to share there opinons on pulling these offensive books off the shelve?     What is the differnce between someone saying somthing offense or writing it? Ok, so maybe you dont want your child reading somthing unsensored, but the chances are some other child will say somthing unsensored around him. If there is a book that is so bad you wouldnt want your kids reading, why would it of been published? Publishers do read the books they publish them, they will not publish any random thing. I think that they just need to leave the unsensored things alone. If you cant be mature enough to take a article, book, or magizine seriously, then you dont need to be reading it anyway.                                         In the news or radio you always hear about some boy getting bullied and stuff at school. That isnt because of unsensored things, why dont they blame it on parents and ask where they were at? Parents look at anyone and everyone, but themselves when a kid comes home and has learned a cuss word or somthing. It is never the parents fault.                                             If people pull unsensored things out of the library it will serve no purpose and thats just my opinion. I know that i have no say in it and thats ok i can still believe that i am right. Thank you for your time",2.9187307
"Censorship of books     Should books, music, movies, magazines, etc., be removed from shelves if they are found offensive? Yes because certain things need to be removed from the shelves for example many things that don't need to be seen out in public. Personaly I think censoring certain things is alright because there are certain books that shouldn't be seen, music that has either swearing talking about drugs or other things, movies that kids shouldn't see like the rated '@CAPS1' or '@NUM1' that has either blood or nudity or somethen on that line, and magazines now magazines there are many types of magazines like for example adult, children, cooking, cleaning, house things, stuff for dogs or cats, and outside stuff.      But censoring things that could be 'offensive' I can't understand how books can be offensive because some books are talking about history or something that has happen to them. Like for example lets just say a colored kid comes in and reads a book on '@CAPS2 slavery' that kid right there is going to get offensive about it and then that kid is going to say 'You owe me something because my anscetores were slaves' no your very wrong there kid because you either read the book wrong or you just didn't understand it. I have done that a couple of times either I got offensive about it and started getting very angry about it or just tose it in the trash because I got mad because I got offensive about it. Don't get me wrong I love reading but like I said before certain things are just ment to never be read or just never be found.     But as for me getting offensive about a couple of books, movies, music, or magazines @CAPS13 I don't read magazines so I can't get offensive about that but books, movies, and music I take very offesively because like if I read lets just say the '@CAPS3 @CAPS4' and then I watch the movies @CAPS13 I take it offensively because nothing didn't tie in with the books or that person didn't direct it right.      For books like I said I love reading books don't get me wrong but I do take very offensively because like something the character did or something that I wished I shouldn't have done something like that or a character dies and it reminds me of a close friend of mine or a teacher something on that line I either cry or I just stop reading the book period.     Music now I could go all day on that because for example I used to love rap with a passion but now rap is just becoming horrible because the rapper is either talking about killing someone, drugs, or 'sex' it's like I said 'horrible' thats one thing that needs to go away for a long long time. But there are many other types besides rap. There is @CAPS5, @CAPS6, @CAPS7 @CAPS8, punk, @CAPS1&@CAPS10, etc like I said I could go all day on music.     The people who are censoring things like t.v. shows like for example @CAPS11 @CAPS12 seriously there is nothing wrong with that show some people are censoring that because adults think it is bad @CAPS13 people there is nothing bad with that show. I have been watching it since I was five years old and there was nothing bad on it then, then why would there be something bad on it now. All there is, is a grown man acting like a child it's like your going to tell your husband or your wife or your kids '@CAPS13 @CAPS14 I'm sorry but I have to censore you because your a bad person.'      I'm not saying that I would censore it I'm just saying maybe we as people should just take the time to look through some of these shows before censoring them.                                                              @PERSON1",3.175652
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 computers hold exclusive inofrmation, I do not believe the have a good effect on people. The majority of students today crowd around a computer while they can be taking care of their body. Such as excersising or just going outside. People need to enjoy the wonders of nature instead of sitting on a computer. Not only will computers impact people, but it @MONTH1 also impact family in friends. There will be less interacting time a risk by going on a computer. Different websites can expose the wrong thing and get you into trouble. I firmly believe that computers have hamble affects on people. In @LOCATION1 today, we are already loaded with obese poeple. @NUM1 outof @NUM2 people are not physically healthy and a majority of obese people today state that they do own a computer. Computers attract people and same @MONTH1 sit at the computer for hours at a time what about excersising or enjoying the outdoors? Computers damage our bodies in a way by luering ourselves in while we can go out and enjoy nature. I definatly will argue this fact that computers have a bad effect on humans. Computer change not only the body, but mind. My sister has a computer in her bedroom and I barely see her at all. She stays up there all the time, and when my mom calls for dinner, it takes more than five @CAPS2 to get her away from her computer. Computers affect people because they keep humans away from civilization. Friends and family are impacted by the lack of interaction from one person. It's disrespectful to take time away from your friends to play on computers. This ruins many peoples social health, because the more they ignore their family or friends, these people will stop trying to interact with them. When these computer finatics came around, there want be anyone there for them. Computers definatly have an unhealthy affect on people who use them. How would you feel if tons of your personal info got out into the public. Nowadays, computers have a major chance to do that to you. Websites like @CAPS4, mysapce, or twitter have your information, and with a click of a button, it can be exposed to the world. Computers have a background of doing this kind of effect on people. Some dont understand what they are doing and if bad info or a picture sends out, it can fully negatively impact your career or edecation. Computers help people to make wrong choices and there is no doubt people should let up on the time they spend on the internet. Many agree, computers disadvantage many people in their own way. Whether it is by taking their health away because it keeps many indoors, or if it costs you your friends and family, computers are not good for your physical and social health. Computers can send out information and they are risky. They will majority impact your future and impact all people in a bad way.",4.44823
"Many people find certain books, music, or magazines offensive or inappropriate for some young reads. Many people think that this material should be removed from libraries completely. People think that have young people exposed to this offensive material will effect the choices they make, and how they will react in certain situations. At the same time other people say that we should not remove it from the book shelves. They say that everyone has the right to read or listen to whatever he or she wants to. Its that persons right to choose weather or not it is age appropriate for them or not. Its not some elses right to take away choices that aren't theirs.     People who belive that they should remove this material from libraries think it will corrupt young minds. They believe that this material will convey a message that it is alright to do what these books and music are saying. This in turn will create a different mind set for the young reader. Which @MONTH1 cause the young reader to be more aggresive or more like to make bad decisions about there well being or the well being of those around them. These people want there libraries to be about learning and be a healthy eviornment were young minds can grow naturaly and unharmed by offensive material.     People who believe that they should leave this material on the shelf say its no one elses right to make this decison for you by removing them. Its the readers right to choose weather or not to read the material. The read will most likely learn what the material is saying regaurdless of weather it is in the library or not. They believe that it would be better for a young reader to learn about it in a safe enviornment then to have some one else later in there life show them or tell them. The enviornment maybe alot more dangerous then a library if learn though some one else.     I believe in both in a way. I believe it is not some one elses right to remove these books from libraries. But i also believe that it should not be avalible for young readers to get. These books maybe be offensive to some people but its there choice to read it. They do not have to read these books it does not affect them. I believe the books not suitable for young readers should be placed on either a higher shelf or in a different part of the library where young readers do not have acsess to. If a readers parents want them to learn about it in a safe enviornment then they should sit there children down and explain it to them themselves. In the end we all have our rights and we use those to choice weather to read or listen to certain material. It is no one elses choice besides your own.",3.387665
"Imagine, you go into your favorite library and you go to grab your favorite book or movie and its not there. The librarian says the book was removed from all public libraries because it was found offensive.      Would this not get on your nerves? Especially if you had read the book yourself and found nothing wrong with it? Sure, there are some books that children should not be allowed to see due to offensive material; but why remove them completely? There are plenty of alternet solutions that could please everyone. Such as having a section only adults are allowed into, having a seperate public place for adults to get the books, movies, ect; and having signed permission from a parent or guardian saying their child could check out certain items.      The first solution is to have certain offensive material under lock and key from the public. If only the librarian had access to this material a child could not simply walk in and borrow what he, or she deems fit. The librarian would be the only one allowed to judge if the person, child or adult, could see this section of the librairy.     Next, there could be a totally separate building for the offensive material. Only people over @NUM1 would be let in and you would have to an i.d and a librairy card to get in. This would assure that no one uinderage could recieve or take anything that was deemed unfit.      My last solution is to have signed permission for anyone underage. When the child comes to get a librairy card the parent must be present and fill out an application saying what the child can and cannot check out.      I do not believe that books, movies, music, ect; should be removed from shelves. This directly goes against the first ammendment, free speech. If a person can say what someone else can or cannot read, see, or listen to whats to stop them from taking every @CAPS1 given right we have? Whats to stop them from censoring everything we write and say? Would you want to live in a world like that? I would most certainly not! However, I also believe that certain age groups should not be allowed to have access to certain material. I believe these are good altercations to prevent this from happening if only we take the steps to accomplish them",3.593876
"Hello, I am writing to you today about my concerns about my views on the cencorship in a library.   First, I think some of the music they play and listen to can be a little graphic. I know some of the music that is being played can deprive the feelings of others. Music should have meaning and instead of blood and killing it should be about the better things in life.   Second, I would like to talk about some of the books libraries have. I think if they want adult type material they should have a section just for adults. reading sould be about what you like but it should also be about what you are able to read.    Next, I would like to talk about some of the inapropriate magazines that some libraries feature. Some magazines show off a little to much for some of the people that go to the library.Most magazines that are show are for adult and teen over a certain age.I believe they should make a section for each of the ages and age group.   Finally, I would like to get on some of the movies they let people check out. Libraies has a graphic selection of movies that are easily in the reach of young children. Children do not need to know about any of those types of things at all. Libraries need to learn more about there surroundings before they continue what they are doing.   In conclution, I believe that everyone has the right to a library I just feel everyone doesn't have a right to have everything libraries hold. Bad things create bad minds and we have to learn to stay above those influences.Libraries need to change some of there ways and there selections to make things more sucessful on thier behalf",3.1744642
"To begin with, a woman might read a book about wifes and find it offense. But it was her choice to pick up the book and read it. Should it be taken off the shelf? No why should it. Different people have different perpectives on what they're reading. Not all people feel the same way. Samething goes for music, movies, magazines, etc. They might see a naked picture of someone in a magazine and not like it. It was there choice to pick it up and read it. No one held a gun to there head and said 'read the book etc.'      @CAPS1, why should a book, etc., be taken off the shelf if one person doesn't like it? You still have the rest of the population who might love it, some might just like it, and the ones who don't. You can't just think about that one person you have to consider everybody esle. If that person finds that book, etc., offensive then they should have chosen wisely the first time and/or never should have chose what they did. It's there own fault.     For my conclusion, nothing should be taken off  the shelf if its offensive just don't read the book and etc. Another person might read it and like it. Some people who finds things offensive are maybe looking at it in the wrong way. Keep the book etc., on the shelf if they take it off then sooner or later they will take everything off the shelf for being offensive. Then what we will be able to read or listen too",3.0830088
"Dear local newspaper, I think that computers are great for our society. Computers have a positive effect on people. They teach to people hand-eye cordination, and about places all over the world. Computers are also great for talking online to family and friends. Computers teach people hand-eye cordination. They help people to get familiar with looking at a screen and typing letters to form words. Computers are excellent for students that play the piano, like me. It helps you to be able to look at the music and have your fingers know where to play. The computers helps with the piano because they both involve you looking at a screen, or music. While your fingers know what to do. So I think computers helps children and teens to have better hand-eye cordination. Computers are also very helpful to everyone because it is great for researching facts, or even just looking for somewhere to go on vacation. Say you just got home from school, and your teacher had assigned you to write a two page paper on the @CAPS1 @CAPS2. You would not be able to do it by memory, you would need facts. So you should go to the library, but no one can take you. Well if you have a computer, it is a great way to research a topic for school. You don't have to leave your home, you can even stay in your pajamas. Computers give you the information that you need. Or if your planning a vacation in @LOCATION1, and don't know where to stay, then the internet will get you right there and give you great opptions. Another thing computers are great for is talking. How so you say, well you can got to A.I.M. online. You can have conversations with all your friends and family. This year my brother, and my closest cousin to me, went to college. Now I only see them about twice a year, it is so quiet without them, especially at my house. If I want to ever talk with my brother, it is great like he is in my home again. He sends me pictures of his college, friends, and any fun places that he goes. So without computers I would practically never see my brother, or talk to him. Local newspaper please consider my opinion, I feel that computers benefit are society. They leave a positive effect on people in the community and world. Computers teach teens, and children excellent hand-eye cordination, and helps people like me to play the piano more smoothly and exact. Computers are also great for looking up facts for school when the library is not available. The internet also keeps me closer to my brother, whose in college, because we can chat and send pictures to each other. So please take my opinion into consideration. Thank you.",4.031437
"I do not believe that censorship in libraries is a good thing. For many reasons but to save sometime here are just a few of the reasons why I believe this, there would be no books left for anyone to read, if certain books where taken off the shelf we would not have the knowledge from them, and our kids would not know what other people can think of. At the end of this essay one might understand the advandages and disadvantages to censorship in libraries. @CAPS6 many books would be gone?     If we all took off one book that we found offensive then our children and other children would not be able to read. Taking off one offensive book per person leaves no books left in a library. What one person @MONTH1 find offensive another person could find rather enjoyable. Some of my friends think that '@CAPS1' is an offensive novel but I found the book to be rather enjoyable. On the other hand we also have to understand that there are somethings that just shouldn't be put out in public. @CAPS6 would we get as much knowledge as we have?     Without all the books that are in our libraries @CAPS6 would people get the knowledge to make great discoveries in science, history, and electronics? People would be lost if we didn't have our books. The books give people great knowledge and a great place to learn @CAPS6 to do things. I myself have learned @CAPS6 to become a successful @CAPS2 novel @CAPS3 from the @CAPS4 I took out of 'A @CAPS2 @CAPS3's @CAPS4 for @CAPS5.' @CAPS6 would the ideas of other people be heard around the world without books in our libraries?     Those books that are offensive can also be of great use when doing a research paper or just trying to find something to talk about with friends at school or work. Without the books that we have in the library people would not be able to understand what other people thought about certain ideas on politics and other issues in daily life. The books help people come up with ideas to create things and be createative in everything they do. The ideas that one person expresses in their writing is a great place to find a spark of imagination when a person needs something to keep their mind off of personal issues. Life without books?     Censorship is a good and bad thing in libraries, I myself on one hand do not find it appropraite but on the other hand it can be taken to a whole different perspective. People who want to use it don't understand that other people could take the books off the shelf that they, themselves like to read in their spare time, nor do they understand all the knowledge that we gain from books even if they are fiction, and lastly without the books that we have no one would know what someone in a different park of the world was thinking. Foremost people who want cenorship in libraries don't understand what would happen if we had the power to all take one book off the shelf. One could understand both sides of the coin here but we need to step back and think about what life would be like without our books.",4.001395
"Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 you all @MONTH1 know many people in our town have been quarreling about computers. Some people are pro computer useage and others not so much. In my opinoin computers are a great @CAPS2 technology. One way computers benefits our society is ability to access ample information, pictures, and news. Also you can chat with @CAPS2 or old friends. Another good thing about computers is you can also have fun on the web, watch movies, even go shopping. Have you ever done a report on on a far away country? Maybe you've never heard of @LOCATION2 or @CAPS2 @CAPS3. So wat do you do? Serch the web! Instead of taking a walk to the libriary just serch one of the many serch engines such @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS4, @ORGANIZATION2 or @CAPS5! @PERCENT1 of people nowadays have at least one maybe two computers in their household. @PERCENT2 of people can access the web on their cell phone! Can you believe this? Pictures are also accessable on the web. You could @CAPS12 just about anything in the picture search engine. Have you ever wandered about current events in our country or others? On certain cites you can live newsfeeds or an article about something @CAPS2 such @CAPS1 the earthquake in @LOCATION4 that recently happended. The internet is benefitting our society today. Aim is just one of many private chat rooms that is avalible to people. On these open chat rooms you can talk to people that are thousands of miles away. ""I was on @CAPS6 looking for my friend @CAPS7 and I found her page before this year we didn'@CAPS8 talk @CAPS1 much but now we can talk through face book we hangout and talk all the time!"" comments @LOCATION3 avid @CAPS6 user. Dating cites are now avalible, too. There you can meet @CAPS2 people a develope a relationship with them. Entertainment is everywhere on the internet. You can play a variety of games, watch missed episodes of your favorite @CAPS8.V show, streame live movies, watch viddeos on @CAPS9, and much more! Many people think there are only pointless games on the comuter but there are educational fun games @CAPS1 well such @CAPS1 @CAPS10, @CAPS11, and @CAPS12 to learn. Did you know that more than @PERCENT3 of shopping for clothes car parts and other things are bought an auction such @CAPS1 ebay and amazon? I recall a time when my dad and I was going to see or movie but we weren'@CAPS8 sure wat was playing or what times they started at. So we simply looked on the cinema's website. So now you now where I stand on the issue of computers. Computers are a great reference point, can allow you to chat with",4.1646852
"I do not believe books, music, and magazines should be removed from shelves. Wherever you go in the world, whether you like it or not, your going to come in contact with things you don't find appropriate or you think are offensive. @TIME1 world is far from perfect. One reason i don't belive they should be removed is because it would be unconstitutional. The freedon of speech and the press was not ment to be tampered with. If a specific library thinks their articles are innapropriate, an easy solution would be to put these articles in a certain section of the library and warn people what they are.     The main reason I don't believe books, music, and magazines should be removed from the shelves is becuase the world is a nasty place and books are the least of your concerns. Kids can't be sheltered their whole lifes, they need to face reality and books are a good source of that. Kids these days are resiliant and can handle 'innapropriate' content. Parents need to face the fact that their kids are going to be exposed to offensive things in @TIME1 imperfect world of ours. It's just a natural part of growing up.     Another contributing factor is that it would be unconstitutional to remove books and other articles from the shelves of @LOCATION1's libraries. When the amendments freedom of speech and press were written down they were intended to stay there. They are not guidlines that can be looked over, they are rules set in stone for @TIME1 great country. People to @TIME1 for freedom over much bigger issues than books. Who are we to tell people what they can and can't write down. People's natural opinions can't and shouldn't be governed. I think it would be a crime against @LOCATION1 to censor things in libraries.     My final reason for not censoring libraries is that it all boils down to the people running the library. If they think some of their articles are profound and innapropriate, meerly isolate them to a certain section of the library and put a warning for people to see. If people don't want to be offended they simply have to just stay away from these sections. Take responsibilty for what is in these libraries that is apparently so offending and put them in their own area and stay away from them, do not take them out completely, because who knows someone @MONTH1 want that offending book.     These are all supporting opinions why I personally do not belive libraries should be censored. @TIME1 world is far from perfect and it's not going to become perfect by censoring libraries. Plus @TIME1 act would be completely unconstitutional. Finally all the libraries have to do is exile these articles to certain areas of the libraries and slap a warning on them. If libraries were censored there would be a lot of missing information in @TIME1 world because there are many things in @TIME1 world that are 'offensive' to atleast someone",3.9553113
"Dear newspaper,     In my opinion I don't think that censorship in libraries should be on materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines and more materials. Censoring materials in the library could resolve in many problems. I don't agree with the censorship in libraries on materials for many reasons. In my upcoming paragraphs, I will explain why I diagree with libraries having censorship on a lot of their materials.     Many libraries in the world @MONTH1 have censoring on their materials. I believe that libraries have alot of censoring on most of their materials due to the fact that they @MONTH1 have children under the age of eighteen constantly viewing a lot of explicent content. Libraries shouldn't censor their materials but in my opinion they also shouldn't let under age children check out any kind of material that is only ment to be viewed by adults. Also if computer access is offered to children, an adult superior visor should be near by to make sure that no explicent content is being viewed.     Censoring in libraries could resolve in many problems, such as, customers not getting all the information they need for a centain material, children not reading up to their abilities or standards, and also children not learning enough or getting information that they need for school. If all of these things happen prior to the fact that libraries have censors on their materials then many libraries will not get as any customers. Yes, most people @MONTH1 visit libraries for the wrong reasons but to other people, those wrong reasons @MONTH1 be the reason for them to gain more information.     Materials in a library could also be found offensive to most people. But what's found offensive to most people could be found useful to other people. If something is found offensive to one person I don't think it should be removed from the shelves. If books and or materials are removed from the shelves, that can hide so much useful information that people could gain.      In conclusion, I don't think censorship should be put on materials in libraries due to the fact that many information could be lost. Censorship doesn't always mean that the material is bad, it can also mean that the material is just not appropreite to be viewed or read by that certain age group. If a library that I visit has censoring on most of their materials, I would convince the library staff to take the censoring off. Censoring is not always bad and it's not always good either but it can hide alot of information from us which is not good at all.",3.9107344
"People find things offensive everyday. It is just a matter of life. Some people have a right to feel offended for some reasons, but they really can't control it from happening. It is just something that has occured for thousands of years. And people have slowly began to deal with it.     So therefore, i believe that books and other materials that are found offensive should not have to be taken down because it offends someone, because taking it down could offend someone else. What i'm really trying to get across is that no matter what, not everyone will be happy. Life is filled with mixed society and emotions, so not everyone will agree on the same thing. Also it should be up to the library whether or not they want to remove some of their material. Because they did pay for it and have a right to let people in society watch, read, or listen to it. Thus being said, i believe that they should try to keep certain offensive material to a minimum. Such as racism, it seems as though rasicm impacts alot of the country still today. And will forever be an on growing matter in problems around the @CAPS1.          In conclusion, i believe that the library has a right to own books or movies that are somewhat offensive. Because like i said everyone deals with it at one point, and not everyone can be happy. And some of the material is most likely educational and teaches us about the history of the @LOCATION1,@CAPS1, ect, rather than being racist or offensive as everyone jumps to conclusions about. And everyone needs to get past the offensive side and get to a level where everyone sees eye to eye. For we are all the same, but yet, still broken up among looks and culture",3.413314
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Computers these days have made positive changes to all of our every day lives. People have made beter connections with family and friends, and even have the ability to make new ones. While social networks are great and all, computers can also make work extremely easy and proffesional-looking. They can also perfect the skill of hand-eye coordination. But with that in mind, is the computer truly a harmful or helpful device? Sometimes we wonder where our long lost friends and relatives have gone and how they are. Well, with the computer and internet access, you can easily contact them through great social networks such as @CAPS1. I hear it all the time from everyone that reunions have been made, and friends have been reunited. And reuniting friends, you can also make new ones with a simple click of a button. Isn't making more friends and reconnecting so easy now? Computers nowadays offer wonderful software from @ORGANIZATION2 that can make making slideshows, projects, and reports far easier. I remember making a @CAPS2 with my best friend back when we were in @NUM1 grade. All we did was take the pictures, upload them to his laptop, and then we added captions to all of the pictures. We did an amazing, professional job on the project and received an A-. Though I understand that in the process of computer-usage, people hardly find time outdoors, the technological advance will enhance hand-eye coordination. Imagine this: You're up at bat in a baseball game. @NUM2 strikes and @NUM3 balls is your count. Everyone is cheering you on. The pitcher pitches the ball and wham! You swing that bat and hit yourself a homerun! Do you know what skill was used to hit that ball? That's right - hand-eye coordination. So now while everyone is wondering what sort of effect the computer has, remember how easy that work was for me. Also think back to that baseball player. You know, the one that hit the homerun using hand-eye coordination. But most importantly remember how easy it would be to contact the ones you love most and keep closest to you. The computer is a positive advance in society, and everyone should be assured so!",3.939056
"Some materials could be seen as offensive to some people. It could have language, racial slurs, or anything else one might find offensive. In my personal opinion I believe anyone should have the right to read or watch whatever they choose.     These books or movies are put out there for entertainment or learning purposes. Some things did happen, such as the @LOCATION1, that many people would like to forget but no matter which way you take it, it happened and we can't change it. This can teach the next generation that it was a bad idea and should not have happened in the first place, so they will not do it.     Language is a big part of today's world and many do not appreciate a bad word. They put these in movies to emphasize somthing big because everyone will remember that word. I know that it is not necessary all of the time and could be taken out, but for some movies a certain word could make or break the scene. Some movies have a lot of cursing in them but that does not make it a bad movie. A few of the best movies I have ever seen have too many bad words to count but the stroy line is phenominal. What you gain from watching those movies is not the cursing, it's the success of the protagonist that makes it enjoyable and worth your time.     As for books in libraries, we should make a seperate section for these offensive materials so that a young, innocent child does not wonder across them. Put up signs warning people of the material contained in that section and put a speical sticker on the book to warn parents as well.     In conclusion, offensive materials are not always bad and should not be removed from shelves, just mabye to a different location. Let the people read what they want to read.",3.4490247
"I think that books, music, movies, magazines, and etc. should be aloud to stay on the shelves of stores and libraries. We have to ask our selves these questions. Why should we take them out of libraries? What would people have to read when those books tell us about what went on in the early days, such as slavery, automobiles, and etc.? Who wants to sit and read about other stuff that is just down right boring?     Why should we take down the books in the library? We shouldn't take the books down off the shelves. We @MONTH1 have the right to take down the books but why should we. It is taking away the knowledge for our children. We would be taking away a lot of stuff the our children should know about, such as the slavery, and famous people.     What would we have to read about if we took most of the books out of the library? We would have nothing to read about other then the stuff that doesn't matter to us anymore. You have to think about if we took all of the books that were inappropraite off the shelves of the library there wouldn't be anymore books. Every book out there has something bad in it, so we would have to take away all the books other than the little kids books.      Who would want to go to the library and want to sit there knowing that they are going to be reading something that is not interesting and just boring? I can tell u who wants to do that. Nobody,'' it's just dumb to do it and has no point, unless you are old, then you @MONTH1 like to, but not everybody is old. Reading is fun to some kids and they want to read about different stuff, but if we take the books they can't.      We don't need to take any books out of the libraries? There would be no reason to go to the library or even read books, cause there isn't any good ones. We are just taking away something that is really big to us @CAPS1, and without those books there is no history for us to study. Our kids need to see those books even if we don't want them to. That is the early days and they need to know about all of it and how it was back then when they didn't have everything we do now. You can't take away something that is fun to do so why take them",3.4984183
"Dear local newspaper, I am writing this letter to you to show on how people get effected from computers. It effects people very well and teaches people many things for just one technology. Computers effects many people for what it does. Computers have many advantages that people learn very quickly. Many people love computers. It is one of the most best inventions to everyone around the world. They teach positive things for people to learn. Computer even have a positive effect on people across the world. They teach many things for people to learn and that have already learned. Such as, hand-eye cordination. When you type up words it teaches you to see better with your eyes. Computers also, give people the ability to see, understand, and gives information about people across the world. Celebraties are very popular on computers or other technologies. Computers help you learn things better than any other technologies. Anything you can get on any other technologies. There is a guarantee of you will find it on your computer. Computers are just like other technologies but in some categories they're much better than the others. Computers are very important in life because without computers we would not learn how to communicate with each other. If we did not have phones to use to call someone. On the computer if you go online you can maybe talk to someone by their email address. You can talk to someone that you have not talk to in years. You can look images or videos that you haven't seen in years. On computers, you can find out information from news that week of or even the day of. In conclusion all I say is that without computers in this world. What would it be like? Most technologies that are not as good computers will be popular without computers. I wonder what it will be like?",3.6274607
"A lot of people that are in school have probably seen or heard of a book or magazine that had profanity or offended them. Some people think that kind of thing is funny, but to others it @MONTH1 bother them. Not only racial slurs can offend people, but profanity can make someone disappointed. Some parents do not want their child to hearing or saying things like that. And I believe if it is offensive it should be taken off the shelf in a library and you should too.     The movies and music I think if it really offended somebody that they should have to either change the lyrics or get rid of it. They just should not offend somebody to be a good song or a really great movie. You can't not make something that is making fun of another race or a movie of killing them.          Going to like school libraries, for books I think it really depends on the age group. Like their should not be anything that would be offensive or profanity in the @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 @CAPS4. They are just not old enough or mature to be seeing or reading those things in books or magazines. So if a student comes home with a book the class is reading and the parent doesn't like the content they should have the right to say that they don't want their child reading it. And if was really bad be able to take it out of the school.     Even @CAPS3 @CAPS4 that have more mature students get offended sometimes from the books their reading in school. One in example is 'To @CAPS5 a @CAPS6'. Even though it is a really good book and a lot of @CAPS4 read it. A lot of @CAPS7 @CAPS8 might get offended by all the racial slurs about @CAPS7 @CAPS8. They just do not feel comfortable fellow students saying them and their teachers saying them. And the @CAPS4 or libraries just should not make students read books that they don't feel comfortable reading. Or the libraries having books like that.     Me in example, next year I'm going to have to read that book and I am just not going to like it. I'm half @CAPS7 @CAPS12 and I do not like people saying things like that. It is going to be a really akward moment for me. And I have some other friends that have read that book that didn't feel comfortable reading that book.     Their are even little kid books that parents want out of their childs school library. The most challenged book in school libraries is @CAPS13 @CAPS14. I know this because my librarian told me this one day. It is just a good book, but some parents don't want their kids reading about witchcraft and wizards. So they try to get them out of the library. And they should if the parents do't want their kids reading it.     I just think if their is a certain amount of people complaining about a movie or song that their should not even be a fight about it. They should just get rid of it. Same thing in a school, if their is students or parents that are complaining and their is a certain amount of them, the librarian should not even have a say in it or the school. They should just get rid of the book or magazine.     I believe that if it a book, song, movie , etc is offensive to a certain amount of people that it should just be taken care of by getting rid of it. Parents might not want their kids seeing, hearing, or reading that sort of stuff. And some people get offended by some books or movies. Or they just do't feel comfortable. I believe that things that are brought to the world for entertainment should also be able to get out of the world if people are offended by it.",3.7323813
"Should the librari be censord on the books it has on the shelvs? I think it should be. There are many offensive books and thangs on the shelvs. I wouldnt want my kid or anybody els kid reading offensive books. So lets get rid of all the bad stuff or atleast filtyer it all.     I beleve any book, movie and magazines that have alot of profanity or bad pictures in them should be removed or not be able to be cheked out to a certion age. If they wana keep teh books on the shelves they should make it where you have to be in high school and have a permsion slip to get the books. Removing teh  books and thangs complitly @MONTH1 cause to much troubl so we should defntly make sure the kid is a certian age and has permsion.     I would not want my @NUM1 year old kid read a book with bad language in it. Kids cach on to that stuff and they will start talking like that and it would not be a good thing. There is alot going on in socaty now a days that badly influnce children. They do not need to read about how guys rob places and are crimanals. I think thats why we have so much of a probly to day becouse evry one sees it at a young age and they want to be lyk that wehn tehy get older but that is a very bad thing. They do not need books and movies that make it worse on them and make them think bad things are good. If we do not filter wat they do at a young age they will end up being hellins and outa of countral becouse they will think just becouse someone in a book or movie did it that its ok for them to do it but its not.     I would not wnat a young kid to read bad things. I say lets put a ge limit on them and mack our socity beeter and are kids to become beter adoults later on in ther life. We need to filter out the bad and put new in for our younger kids. If we don't who knows how theyl grow up to be the world could go to hell if we dont stop the kids from learning bad things. So lets get the fi,ltering satrted and save the world and our kids future.",2.8626542
"Dear Local Newspaper: Computers have become a major part of peoples lives. The effects computers have on people are only negative. Nothinggood comes out of using a computer. This is because computers are time consuming from in other activities, computers are not always working which leads to people getting angry, and using computers is bad for your health. I know you have a difficult decision to make but after reading what I have to say, their will be no doubt that you will agree. Using computers is very time consuming. People don't realize how long they have been using the computer. Once you start using it, your hooked and it's hard to stop. A poll was taken and out of @NUM1 kids, @NUM2 of them said they felt groggy and had headaches, after using a computer for two hours. The way computers make you feel is not enjoyable. But while your using the computer it's entertaining, for example, your on @CAPS1 and your talking to your friend and your laughing at them & enjoying yourself, but it's not the computer that's making you happy, it's the person, you might as well see them in person. There for, computers are time consuming & should not be used. Copmputers are not reliable, they have minds of their own. Many people do always rely on their computer and when it doesn't work it causes the person to get angry or frustated. Computers have a vast impact on people, but they shouldn't have to. Dr. @PERSON2 at @ORGANIZATION1 says that @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2's frustration & anger is caused by non-working computers. If the use of computers was lowered anger that people have would lower and would lead to other positive things as well. Furthermore, computers are not realiable and cause people to get angry. My final reason is that, computers cause health issues and cause people to be lazy. The obesity rate is higher than ever and people sitting on the computer all day is not helping. @PERCENT2 of obesity is caused by the use of computers. @PERSON1 at @ORGANIZATION2 says that @NUM3 out of @NUM4 people who don't use computers are much healthier because instead of using computers they exercise. There for, computers cause health issues. In conclusion, computers effect people because they are time consuming, you can't rely on then and it's bad for your health. There for, computers have negative effects on people. ",4.297064
"Dear @PERSON2 - @CAPS1, I strongly suggest that people do not spend as much time on computers as they do comently. People will be doing much better things, such as exercising or spending more time with family and friends. Both these things are better for people's body and mind, and one more useful later in life. Please consider the following about why it will be more beneficial @CAPS2 people do not spend as much time on computers. First, exercising is an exellent alternative to sitting at a computer screen. A recent study by @ORGANIZATION3 and the @ORGANIZATION1 studies found that an average person spent five hours per day on the computer. By cutting out at least some @ORGANIZATION1 these hours, people will be able to make time for more exercise in their daily routine. Also, @PERSON3 at @ORGANIZATION4 says that ""@PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 people do not exercise enough in the @LOCATION1 alone."" @CAPS2 some free time being on the computer is taken away, people will reward themself by taking care @ORGANIZATION1 their bodies. Moreover, I tried not using my computer for a week, and it was a great experience because in that free time I learned how to do a back flip in gymnastics. There are so many possibilities in exercising @CAPS2 people do not use their computer as much. Second, @CAPS2 people do not spend as much time on the computer, they get more experience with social skills. For example, @PERSON1 at @ORGANIZATION5 says ""@CAPS2 people spend time with family and friends, they gain necessary social skills for later in life."" A study at @ORGANIZATION2 showed that people who spend three hours or less on their computers have up to @PERCENT2 better social, verbal, and quick-thinking skills. Spending time with people's family and friends in stead @ORGANIZATION1 on the computer is exremely beneficial. I try to spend at least three hours a day spending time with family and friends and I have good relationships with them. Clearly, it is better to spend less time on the computer, and more time exercising or spending time with family and friends. Some people @MONTH1 say people can talk to people online so this is social skills, but in fact people gain better social skills from person-to-person interactions because they must use quick thinking and their emotions too. Altogether, I strongly believe spending less time on the computer is the best way to stay heathy mentally and physically. Thank you for considering my opinion.",4.190483
"There is a certain amount of responsibility when it comes to censoring all the different types of media and literature. Deciding whose responsibility that is can be a difficult task. Children can be strongly influenced by all media out there and making that material has been made easily accessible. When someone comes of age to make decisions that affect their life then they should be able to. Shop owners should be able to sell whatever they want in order to make a living.     When children go to a library usually they will not do so alone. Parents can decide what their child is allowed to take home or not. When a child comes to their parent with a book, movie, or magazine that is offensive or inappropriate it comes to the parent to decide whether or not they want their child to be exposed to that material. If the parent allowed for their child to have access to offensive media then that can give the child the idea that what they are looking at or reading is alright.      If someone has come of age and has all the other freedoms that everyone else has they should be allowed to buy, read, and watch what they want. To prove to someone that you are of age to have access to offensive material you should have to show some sort of identification proving it.      A shop owner or businessman/woman should be able to sell whatever he or she wants to in order to make a living as long as it stays within the boundaries of the law. Having someone who does not work in the law or a person who is not a legal guardian or parent of someone who is not of age should not tell someone not to buy, read, or watch something just because it might be offensive or offend that one person.     I conclude that in order for a someone to tell another person not to buy or rent material that person would either have to be law enforcement or their legal guardian as long as they are not of age. There is no reason why people should not be able to access material that is not against the law. If someone is offended by some literature then they should try to make it against the law.",3.7132812
"To begin with, The learning ability people get from it has improved. The @CAPS1 source is very helpful to many people. The communication is much easier than talking on the phone. I believe that computers benefit the society in many different ways. First of all, children and people at home and at school use computers for learning purposes. In some grades at school there is a special typing program that helps improve typing skills. There are also hard drive discs that you can play with to help you enhance on your reading skills. It is just a way to make learning fun for young kids. Another great way to learn online is going to websites that have sample math problem and print the sheet out to practice. They are great ways to help learning. Secondly, the computer has many more ways to benifit someone. They are helpful for getting your local weather. In the winter you can see if your school has cancelled in seconds. Often I get projects where it calls for me to do research on a specific topic and it is very easy to look up simple information. The computer also has different links that are helpful for writing a paper, making a power point presentation, and excel spread sheet. All of those resources can either help graphing results for science class or even typing up a paper for @CAPS2. They are useful ways to make life easier. Lastly, computers tend to make communication a little easier. For me, when I'm out sick from school I like to tell my teachers by emailing them and even asking if I can make up any work using facebook, aim, myspace, and skype are all fun and fast ways to communicate with friends. All of the websites pretty much do the same thing but different people like diffrent sites that their friends are on you can email friends and family who live far away and even close. It's a way to get back and forth to eachother. In conclusion, you have heard the different ideas and I consider computers as a benifit. It helps learn, communicate, and most of all do the important things that we need.",3.681989
"Here is my @CAPS1 I think computers are useful and here are my @NUM1 reasons one kids can talk to their friends @CAPS2 they are punsied. My second reasons is people can go on the computer @CAPS2 they are bored for ex: @CAPS2 a kid beat all teir games and @CAPS2 they are bored they go search for new ones to buy, my final reason is @CAPS2 people want to look up something for something 'like their project but @CAPS2 the labireey is closed they can just copy down the thing they need. My first reason is, kids can talk to their friends on the computer @CAPS2 they are grounded for ex: I was grounded in @DATE1 for slapping my cousion in face but I still got to talk my friends kthen we are still talking but the only way to trick your parterents are to tell you are aking your friend about homework. Myh second reasons is people can go on the computer @CAPS2 they are bored for ex: @CAPS2 a kid beat all his games and he is broded te can go serch for new ones to buy or rent them or play downloadable games for the computer. My final reason is @CAPS2 someone wants to look up something for his or her project and the liebreey is closed for information and copy it down for your project. My conclusion is we need computers to survive without them we will be in the stone age still.",2.820973
"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 our nain forest growing back, service that takes only a few second, and being able to find practically any answer to any question. What could cause this phenominon. The answer is computers. These electronic wonder help us and our planet in some many ways. because they are ecofriendly, efficient, and loaded with information. You @MONTH1 be asking yourself how computers are ecofriendly. Well, for starters they help slow the waste of paper. Did you know that the @LOCATION1 kills aproximately @NUM1 million trees a year for book. Computers help prevent this in several way. For example instead of sending a short letter to the police cheif asking about what the new driving law is. You could send an email and save the paper. Also if you wanted the newspaper staff to interview the people that survived the power plant explotion you could send them all an e-mail with instructions to the surviers house insted of giving out maps individually. So now you see how ecofriendly computers are. My next reason was the eficentcy. My dell laptop @CAPS2 home takes about @NUM1 min to iload, @NUM3 sec to get on the internet, and @NUM4 sec to get to another webpage. So say that I want to know how many legs a centiped has (parents don't know either) without a computer it would take @NUM5 min to get to the library, @NUM6 min to find a parking spot, and @NUM4 min to find a book about cenipeeds. In total thats a least @NUM8 mins but my computer would only take @NUM1 min @NUM10 sec about. Also if you wanted to ask a friend what she is doing on @DATE1. I would only take a few seconds to send an email and she would answer quickly back, because she most likely on the computer a. My third reason was because computer are loaded with information, @CAPS2 @CAPS3 library I might find @NUM4 book on a sudject but on a computer I @MONTH1 find thousand. Once I was doing a report on monarch butterflys. @CAPS2 the @CAPS3 library I found @NUM12 books about them, On the internet I found @NUM13 wedsites on them! Also books have general information like just @CAPS5 life, but the internet has specific information the @CAPS5 part in the enviorment. As you now know computers help not only humans but the eviorments this is because they are ecofriendly, efficient, and loaded with information.",4.418338
"There are a bunch of very good book sat a public libary, you can get all kinds of different types of books. You are get a book on anything you really need, any facts you need to know or anything you want to know how to do, I'm sure there is a book out there that can help you out. Just because a book is an opion dont mean it needs to be taking off shelves. Everone looks at everything differently.     If you read it can help you in many different ways, you can learn alot just from reading a book. Me personally i hate reading, so i dont learn much. I'm more of a hands on type of person, words just fly through one ear and out the other really. It is really have to understand when im trying to read and listen or write an listen i lose my thoughts to easily",2.1527016
"Dear editors, I was planning on taking a trip to @LOCATION1. I found directions within a second using a computer. Computers are great, people friendly pieces of equipment, but as technology evolves, people are beginning to rely on their computers for entertainment. Some people @MONTH1 disagree, but there are many outdoor activities that are more healthy then sitting around on the computer all day such as socializing, the great-outdoors, and other on sports. Familiar with @CAPS1 is a great program for socializing but there are many stronger dangers. Did you know that anybody can view your profile which contains personal info? You don't always have to chat online. Call up a friend and hang out at maybe a local movie theatre. Many people, and I agree, think seeing a movie with their pals is alot more entertaining then playing online chess or any other virtual game with a friend a fan of movies? No problem! go on a walk or a bike ride or walk your dog while riding a bike! There are so many. @ORGANIZATION1 park. What an amazing place to spend your vacation camp outs at @TIME1, bikes during the day, its a wonderful part of nature and the best part of you a park anywhere in the world! Camp out on the weekend place to become closer with your family and friends. Hiking is a popular part of a parks and can be performed by all ages, so go out and spend a weekend in the great outdoors! Not looking at a computer screen. Soccer, baseball, basketball and lacrosse. These are just come of the many fun sports. Out there, and yes, they are certainly fun and healthy. Every town I know about has sport fields where many kids and adults of all ages use. it also a great way to make friends! Get to know them in person and not over the internet. Daily exercise while having fun beats just having fun on a computer. What are you waiting for? Stop reading this article and go out and meet new friends. Visit a local park or play a sport for fun. If I were to name everything to do other than use a computer, it wouldn't fit in this entire newspaper. So go explore!",3.7901893
"Dear the @CAPS1 of the @ORGANIZATION1, Some people say that computers are a negitive contributor to society. In @CAPS3 opinion, computers have a positive impact on the world around us. I believe @CAPS4 gives people hand-eye coordination and a way to be organized. Not only those but, people are still interacting with others. if you don't beleve me now, read @CAPS3 details and you'll feel the same way I do. When you consider @CAPS4, computers give us hand-eye coordination. there's no way to use a computer without typing. No matter if you're just typing in a short password or a @NUM1 page essay, you'll alway have to type, and when you do @CAPS4 allows better movement at your hands. This can later help you in sports when you get out and exercise. Since computers have become such a popular thing, i think that in the future, typing or using a computer will be in the @CAPS2. this could be of the hand-eye coordination @CAPS4 gives @CAPS3 theory is whatever you think, you type. in addition to hand-eye coordination, computers provide organization which is a big concern in present day life. Do you have picture files laying your house? Well, there's no need to. With computers you store all and files neatly. how your might you can bark those easy to find everything becomes all that are locate. Even doctors are computers your medical needs and give time. Computers can give organize. Furthermore, computers continue to help instead with store say keep friends I can talk with friends or family far away. @CAPS4 keeps us together and gets I'm not saying that @CAPS4's always a good thing, because we all need face to face interaction. Although when you arent able to get that, its a good way to talk. To conclude, computers positivly effect our lives. We're able to get hand-eye coordination, and stay organized when @CAPS4 can be a trouble to do @CAPS4 can bring people together when they aren't in person. You can learn about new things like people and places far away. though people @MONTH1 think opposite of me, i know that computers benifit society.",3.6482902
"A @CAPS1 is a place for people of all ages to come and get a book, magazine, music, movies and much more. Libraries are a key essential to learning and helping those with reading skills. Studies show that reading will make you much smarter and able to understand and comprehend well. However, in my opinion, offensive reading, viewing or listening material does not belong in libraries, to some extent.     As I stated earlier, libraries are a place of learning and for developing skills. Books that are for 'adults' can be found in adult type stores or even at a regular local book store. Parents bring their children to the @CAPS1 to support their reading ability and to advance it. They don't want to have to worry about making sure their kids are not looking at anything bad.      A few years back, I herd about a teenage boy that would go into the @CAPS1 about once a week to look for movies that this parnents would not approve of. Later on that boy was caught and punished. If those kinds of movies were not there in the first place, his parents would not of had to worry about it. Almost everywhere you go and everything to see and hear has some type of wrong background to it. Parents should feel okay and worry-free when it comes to letting their kids do something as simple as going to the @CAPS1. This problem can be easily fixed with removing that issue.      I strongly believe that @CAPS1 material should be censored in the way that those who should not see it, can not see it. On the other hand, material such as religious or cultural learning items that people find offensive should not be taken off the shelves. Religious and cultural books, music, movies, and/or magazines are for those to learn. Form what I have seen, someone @MONTH1 want, for example, a book about @CAPS2 taken off the shelf because they are @CAPS3 and might not support their religious ways. I find this wrong because it is a free country that includes freedom of religion and they can't be denied informing others about that religion.     Libraries are a place to feel safe and relaxed. Everyone likes to sit in the @CAPS1 for hours and soak in a good novel. Material that is found offensive does not belong their, unless it is for real educational learning.",3.830025
"Dear local newspaper, Technology is an important part of everyday living even some people's lifestyle without technology, more specifically, computers, mankind would be lost. We wouldn't be able to learn about faraway places and people research things with a wider range of information available or for some people, talk to friends and family. Technology i needed in everyone's life they realize this or not. There is an endless amount of things you can do on the computer and as far as advances in technology this is only the beginning. The internet allows people to learn-and more than just what you would get from a book at the library. You can learn about the culture of @LOCATION1, the food they eat in @LOCATION2, or even the way people dress in @LOCATION3. You can find pictures and of faraway places and find out the currency or of a country. The possibilities @CAPS1 computer allow you to do is research. When maybe they through them giving a presentation much easier! Furthermore the computer enables people to comunicate with others. For some, this is their only way of communication. If you have a penpal in @CAPS1 state, or maybe even @CAPS1 country, e-mail is a great way to talk to them it's quick, easy, and enjoyable tool others, however, prefer instant messaging - the message you type pops up almost instantly on the others computer. Then they type a response and it comes back to you! Either method is a great way of communication! So you see, without technology we would not be able to learn everything we'd like to, research for, say on for language arts class. We not even be able to communicate with some others. And this is only the beginning of what our lives would like without the computer.",3.6204996
"Dear @CAPS1, A recent study by scientists shows that too much sitting down, especially in front of computers is dagerous to health. This is only one reason why I think that, although they are useful, computers are not entirely beneficial to our society. The hinder us from excersising, interacting with nature, and spending time with family and friends. Excercising, as we all know, is necessary to remain as a fit and health human being. But how is this possible with some people going to work everyday and getting shut in their offices at their computers all day. Too much computer time even for kids, can lead to obesity and overweightness. Also, like I mentioned before scientists have concluded asked, that too much sitting is bad for you. It isn't how the body was built to work. If you have seen wave, one of @ORGANIZATION1's most recent movies, undertaking is easy. The humans in that movie, after relying on computers for so long, became obese and fat and had no muscle. This is an of course, but minor visions of this are going around the world. Going out do instead of sitting a computer is a sure way to healthy. The next thing that computers restrict us in is our ability to experience nature. Even simulations don't cut it. If you wanted to see a frog or of some other animal, can't just @ORGANIZATION2 it, look for it in the real. Developing a connection to nature can really nurture the use of that is and ill. Instead of exploring a computer, explore the world as we know it until it's or you're too old. Learn how to do somthing by. Instead of hiring someone to make at, make it yourself. Do it to learn it, sit at a computer website to hire someone! Get up and get outside! As you become more dependent on your computer, you become less dependent on family and friends. It causes there to be a lift between family members. Your family might not be able to help you when you're in need. If you're an adult, and you're on the computer all the time for something other than work, then your not supporting your family, you have no income, no life, and no future. Why would anyone do this to themselves? Imagine this!:You have nothing except your laptop. You're a , on and have family relations. Nobody wants to be that kind of loser living on the streets! You have nobody and nothing except for your computer, and you've wasted your life away. Too much time on your computer means that everyone suffers. To sum it all up, computers maybe, but every single cloud has a dark lining. Computers stop us from exercising, interacting with nature, and being with our families. So get outside!",4.204068
"There are over @NUM1 students at @ORGANIZATION2. & out of @NUM2 students have computers. Computers have a positive effect on people. Students who use computers are more skilled than kids who don't by learning all the software and hour to be safe when online. Computers teach kids hand eye coordination, which can come in handy when playing sports. Also they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people. Finally it allows people to talk online with other people. Computers make people develop hand eye coordination. When someone plays a sport live baseball or basketball, hand eye coordination is definetly needed. say your a catcher, and then catch it. Almost every sport needs hand eye coordination and computers help you get it. Hand-eye coordination can also be useful to people with jobs. If you work with computers for a job, it is helpful to be well known wit the keyboard for fast results. Mostly any job along with sports requires hand-eye coordination. Some people have the gift that they have hand-eye coordination when there born, but for people who don't practice is the best thing. Learning about faraway places/ people is always facinating. On computers towns can put up webpages with pictures, information or even ways to help you plan a vacation. Theres also @ORGANIZATION1. @ORGANIZATION1 can help you find any place or you can find out anything about that place. Computers even give you the abilty to plan or visit a loc location by buying tickets online or maybe you just want to read what the place is like, you can do all that. Finally, computers can be taken any place with you and say you go to @LOCATION1, and you don't speak there language, well you can go to a translating site and figure out what things mean. Facebook, @CAPS1, @CAPS2, all of these sites make it possible for you to talk with other people. Personally, I have a facebook, aim, and even a e-mail. A lot of the time I will go on facebook and talk to my friends from school and even my cousins that I don't get see a lot. Talking online helps you interact with other people that you might not see in school or around town, and also your friends that might not have a cell phone. It helps you learn social skills that everyone needs. Computers give you all that. Its easy and free way to talk to anyone you know whenever you want. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people. Almost everyone uses computers, and they aren't difficult to use. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. Computers are one of the best things that has ever been made.",3.950903
"No books should be taken off the shelf. Most people have different taste in books, magazines or movies.  If people find one of those offensive, then why can't they ignore it? They can go find a different one. Not everyone should have the same taste as one person, thats what makes the person we are today. If everyone had the same taste in everything this would be a pretty boring world.I'm more into horror novels more than anything. My own opinion, I think they have alot of excitement; with the killing and what not. I'm also not a big fan of reading, I read when I absolutely have nothing to do.Its very hard to move onto a different series of novels. Such as: romance, horror, adventures, even poetry!It takes alot to understand poetry. Poetry has alot of big descriptive words. @PERSON1 for instance, he's one of my favorite poets; he's actually pretty famous for what all he has done. Well, he didn't become famous until after his death.Overall, not everyone has the same taste in books, magazines, movies or even poetry. We're all different even when it comes to this.",2.959985
"I believe if i worked at a library , if I found multiple idems that  has profanity, rasicm, slang.I agree with taking Magazines, @CAPS1, Music books, @CAPS2 books ,etc., I wouldnt want my own children going to the library and finding books with racism, etc.I would like to inspire more people to check out library books but you could'nt if there were inappropriate books .     If i worked at a library and I had to scan all the books to make sure the books were okay for young adults, young children to check out. How would it make you feel if I didnt do a book scan to check the books and one of your children brought home a inappropriate book how would you respond to it?    I would do a observation on all the books that we had in our library. I also think that all libraries should have more inspireing books and cartooon , and baby books for little children. I think if majority of us all went to the library and we found a bad book I think we should have the right to remove it from the shelf, not only I would'nt want my children to see i woul'nt want someone elses children to see. This is how i feel if my child picked up a bad vulnerable book.I would'nt let he/or she go back to the library until they organized there library.     Lastly I think librarys should have a big room full of little kids books. Also i think they should have different age groups like one room for baby books another room for @NUM1 to @NUM2 year olds and on up. I hope this inspires you .Always read the back of a book before checking it out of the library because you never know what the books going to be about",3.0608249
"Dear Newspaper, Computers! Computers! Computers! Computers seem to be the talk of the year. Many people believe that computers are needed for everyday life, but I would have to disagree. In my opinion we do not need computers. The effects computers have on kids and adults are astonishing. Humans today are not spending as much time in nature and excirsising for a healthy body and a healthy planet. Also, as us kids are growing up, we have too many advantages because of computers. Thirdly, so much money is being used towards computers and not whats truely important! As you can see these three reasons alone should persuade anyone to believe that computers are harmful to all areas of life. First off, as we continue to use computers our natural environment is going to waste. The effects on nature and people are horrible. Polution is being spread all over the planet! People are becoming addicted to computers. I know it will surprise you when I tell you that the average person spends about ten hours on a computer a day! This is about half the day! This is a terrifying effect on people, because now these computers are brain washing us! Instead of going on the computer all day, we should be going outside to enjoy fresh air and the sun. Their the more, computers have us sitting inside all day and not getting any excirsive, which is a health issue we need to learn about the little things and be thankful for what we already have! Consiquently, banning computers would have a positive effect. Today, many are loosing their ability to write card forgetting about the simple things life has to offer would writing an essay with a pencil and paper be so bad? This @MONTH1 be old fashioned, but there are an enormous amount of great effects for using pen and paper. Maybe, the @ORGANIZATION2 states would become smarter and contain more knowledge. By writing everything out is proven to help remember important facts easier and for a longer amount of time, writing on paper is like writing it in you brain. Therefore, students, children and adults would benefit by having better handwriting. Since most information is typed on the computer people are forgetting how to write neatly, clearly, and resonsibly. @PERSON1 is an english teacher that has been with the @ORGANIZATION1 school since before computers, she has seen the horrible effects taking place on her students right befor her eyes. @PERSON1 told me, ""@CAPS1, students are completely absorbed in computers and have no life, energy, or reativeness in them anymore! Kids have too many advantages with computers and not taking the time. Last, but most definetley not least is my third reason as to computers are effecting humans negetively. Humans are sending huge amounts of money on getting the latest computer technology. Most of people pay chedes are being used for their computers. These fancey computers are very expensive, but also very useless. In my opinion many people are just following a trend. Instead, the money can be spent on schools, and especially the wars! Do you hear the humming of the computer the clicking of the buttons? Realize that these sounds are not what you should be spending! To wrap it up, computers effect people. There are many reasons to support this, but here are three. One is that people are not spending any time in nature! Another is that people of all ages are becoming brainwashed by this electronic and not spending the time to learn things in quality. Thirdly, people are using all there money on those computers! I know some people think computers are very usefull,but I know now, after you have read this article, you know how unuseful computers really are.",4.533839
"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, Computers are a great invention that we have created. Some people are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and hanging with your friends and family. Wait I also agree but spending time on your computer can actually be a good thing. It can be a good thing because you can learn something new every minute, you can also interact with your friends on it, lastly you can do things at the same time hang with your friends and getting exercise. Every minute you are on the computer you can learn something new! For example, let's say that you are on a gaming sights playing a game and suddenly an advertisement appears. It will most likely give you knowledges about the advertisement you are watching. Also study shows that everytime you are on a computer for atleast @NUM1 minutes you can learn something new you spend your . Even way for them to communicate is via internet/computer. This way you can make arrangements. I know that spending too much time on a computer is not all that great, but these are just of the benefits from it so please consider this.",2.9532607
"Censorship      @CAPS1 you are trying to find the right book, music, movie, magizine, you @MONTH1 come across some interesting ones. Should libraries ban certain books just because of some contend on one page? The person has that ability to read that book or not.      Banning books has been a huge problem in today's society and needs to be stopped. People should be old enough to choose a book that they enjoy and not have to worry about, does this libary have the book that I want. They should not have to think that way @CAPS1 going to a library. @CAPS1 you think of some of the worst books out there, who would want to read those anyway. Many books that people think are bad just have a terrible word on one page. They do not think that they are banning a perfectly good book for others. @PERSON2's '@CAPS2 @CAPS3' was a big upror wheather or not to put the book on the shelfs. The book intailed the @CAPS4 word, and some people were not pleased in this sequence. The book was very well written and just had a few bad words. Should a few bad words keep a book from being a prize winner. The book was such a great story and should be read by many people and should not be kept in a storage room in boxes.      There are many ways to keep a certain age from gettting a certain book. The library could put those certain books in @CAPS5 own part of the library. Keeping the books in a different part of the library might be a better suited way instead of banning the books altogether. The book still will be censored to be in that section or not, but we still will have those wonderful books that we all love so much. What if there was a great informative book about how to do a certain task and no one knew how to do it. That book contained bad language, should the health and knowledge of the world go down because of some bad material in a book, that could help us in the near future.      Authors have just the same right as we do. They should get a say in wheather @CAPS5 own book is liable to be on the shelfs. The government should not get all the say in this series matter in hand. The community and the author that writes it should get more of the say then anyone else. @CAPS1 an author writes a novel they think of the great content they are putting into this great piece of art not thinking of, is this suitable for children to read. The author just loves to write and should not have to think of all the concerns that they should just not worry about.      There is this book we read this year called '@CAPS5 @CAPS6 Are @CAPS7 @CAPS8'. This book had language that I do not think would be suitable for others in some content that was in the novel. Now do I think the the novel should be banned from a library? No, because it used the words in a very nonviolent way. @CAPS1 reading it I felt that I was not harmed by the content and neither were any of my fellow classmates. @PERSON1 was the author of this book and I thought she did an excellent job of writing this piece of literature. So the next time you think of banning a book think of all the warm hearts you could be crushing",3.687254
"Everywhere a person goes, there is always a media source. Media can range from newspapers, to magazines, to the radio, and through the television. Media is used to inform citizens of occuring events and to provide entertainment. Many media materials contain photos, langauge, and etc. that can be considered offensive to citizens. Media materials should not be taken off the shelf if they are found offensive.     In the @ORGANIZATION1, citizens have the freedom of speech. With censorship, authors, directors, singers and other producers are deprived of this right. If the government enforces the censorship law, people can not say what they want to or how they truly feel about a subject. Also with censorship, citizens are neglected of their right to watch and listen to what they choose to. Not everyone has the same opinion about what should and should not be blocked out of everyday media materials.     Parents and certain groups have a huge effect on the production of censorship. Parents and these groups complain that books, television, and other media materials are offensive and otherwise 'harmful' to their child, and that they should be removed from the media sources. I believe that if a parent has a concern with what his/her child is viewing, then they should take matters into their own hands by not letting the child view this material instead of having it censored so the rest of the people can not watch it. Parents and certain groups should not have the rest of the world be neglected of their choice to view these certain programs and read certain things.     Censorship can include anything from photos, to language, to news reports. People who believe that offensive material should be blocked out for young viewers and other people do not understand that at some point in a person's life they will encounter these materials. Sometimes, in order to understand a major world event, such as the death of @LOCATION2, have to understand the violence and forces that were used. If this material is taken offensively, no citizen will truly understand the real story and background of world-wide events.     Censorship effects everyone, from a small child to a grown adult. It can deprive people of certain knowledge and understanding of certain concepts. Censorship should not be allowed in the @LOCATION1 and other areas of the world due to the lack of a citizen's freedom of speech and the rights that we as citizens hold",4.0250564
"Dear @CAPS1, I think computers aren't good for people because they could spend that time exercising, hanging out with friends and family and reading. The first reason I don't think computers are good for people is because they could spend that time exercising instead of @CAPS2'ing you could ride your bike or even walk the dog, exercising @MONTH1 be hard work but, it's better then staring at your computer screen. Just because you eat well dosen't mean your healthy. You need exercise to stay healthy too. So, run, ing, walk the dog, go to a gym instead of sitting at the computer. Another reason I think computers aren't good for you is because in the time your on the computer you could be hanging out with your friends and family. Lets say your family is going to the beach, you stay home to play games on facebook. Your family comes back talks about all the fun they had, even tho you weren't there. You could have been apart of those memories. Now time to compare with your friends. Its movie night, all your friends are going. But, you stay home to webcam with your aunt. You stayed home both times just to be on the computer. You missed out on a lot. My final reason I think computers are bad is because, instead of computer time it should be reading time. Looking at a computer screen and reading is a lot different then reading a book. Reading books increases your vocabulary, you learn about different types of litature. Over all reading books makes you smarter. When your reading online you just read what people say, basically rumors. READ! In conclusion I think people should spend more time exercising, hanging out with family and friends and reading instead of being on computers.",3.45331
"This essay is all about wether certain materials in libraries should be removed from the shelves if they are offensive to some.     I do not believe things should  be removed from shelves in libraries if they offened someone. Just because it is offensive to one person doesn't mean its offensive to all . If you are offeneded by somethings they display there are ways that you can avoid seeing them. One thing you can do to avoid it is never go by or around the shelves displaying it , ask for help so you get whatever it is that you need , or try to search what your looking for on the internet.     When i visit the library I already know what im going to get so i have never found anything offensive to me. If I did find something offensive to me I would complain and if they didnt do anything about it I would just never go back. I would just research online or go to another library where I know they will meet my needs.      The libraries I go to always have sections seperating the different age groups. The sections are split into children , teens , and adults . I' ve been to the library numerous times and I have never heard anyone with a complaint about something being offensive. If the library had something that would offense me I wouldn't know. Everytime I go I stay in one paticular section for teens and look at magazines and books .      I feel that if people are offended by what they see on the shelves they should just avoid or ignore it because everyone has their own opinion on what offends them and what doesn't",3.2890456
"Freedom of press is a right not many countries have. America is the land of the free. To some, having this much freedom causes great things to happen. Without the freedom of press, many of the most classic modern literature would not exist and their messages would be unknown. To censorize the right to write freely about ones outlook on the world or government or anything means taking away imagination and in some cases statistics and events that relate to the past.     Before todays technology, books were one of the only ways to obtain knowledge, and the process to make and publish a book took so long that it was an honor to recieve one of the few copies produced. People have a craving for information, they like to learn and advance. If all books that were found 'offensive' are stripped off the shelves, information is slowly taken away and the enjoyment of reading would be gone.      In the brilliant novel, @CAPS1 @NUM1 a man who lives in a distopian society discovers the lack of literature. All books found in homes are immediatly taken out and burned in the streets for all to see. Children found it entertaining and adults did nothing. The man goes through the novel with a secret stash of books of his own. Once discovered he is on the run to protect his precious knowledge the government tries so hard to keep from the public. Censorship would create nothing but chaos and distruction as in the novel.      Having the right to know about your countries history or what is going on in your current government is critical in shools and colleges. Parents often find offense in the authors schools choose to make students read, saying their ideas and ways of thinking are to single minded and wrong. Students need books to grow and learn and if every person chose one book to take off the shelf perminatly, there would be no more books. Eventually all information would come from what one would know before the books were banished and in time gone for good.      Books are a history in themselves, no one wants to hear the raw truth of certain topics such as slavory or the possibility of a complete government take over. In order to avoid hearing of this one could simply chose a more ficition novel in which to escape into a fantasy of their own. No one can change history, however they can exagorate certain events and without the actual book or cite it came from, one could completely alter the publics view and thoughts of the past. Should one take offense to a certain book, they have their own freedom to write a negative blog or report on it.      Writing is a gift few have naturally and to be able to show off ones talent is a privlage. Books help people escape the harsh world we live in, or help them gain more knowledge. Censorship is irrevelent, for having all forms of music, movies and magazines stripped of the truth, what does that leave? People always strech the truth or tell a 'white lie' however most information is factual. The freedom to write and make books and music and movies is not all about entertaining people. The messages behind said 'offensive' material could be quite strong and though the author might be long gone, his or her message could live on for decades",4.423168
"@CAPS1, @CAPS1 boom, bom! Those are the noises of pinball on my computer. @CAPS2! Yea we won"". Those are noises you don't want to be hearing all day. Always being on your computer is bad for your health. @CAPS5 you are a computer freak you will become overweight, it's bad for your eyes, and you can't enjoy beautiful nature. ""@CAPS3 you want to be so heavy that you can't even lift yourself out of bed? I don't think so. @CAPS5 you are always sitting at the computer desk then you might be like that. @PERCENT1 of doctors say that @CAPS5 you don't get up from the computer desk you will become obese! Being obese is terrible for your health. It can take years off your life. @CAPS5 you want to live a long healthy life you need to get up from the computer and exercise. ""@CAPS4 I think I need a stronger, my eye are getting worse! @CAPS5 something like this has ever happened tp you it's because your your eyes to at the computers screen all day. @PERSON1 says, ""@CAPS5 you are at the computer all the time you will need glasses or a stronger."" @CAPS6 and children need to get away from their computers. studies show that more adults are on computers, playing games than children. Have fresh, healthy eyes and get away the computer. The acroos your chill. in your right ear. The sun giving you the most beatiful tan. @CAPS3 you like the sound of this? Take away from your computer and go outside. This is the amazing experience you can get from going outside. @CAPS5 you sit at the computer screen maybe you can watch someone else enjoying the great, relaxing experience you shoud have. Get up, get active and go outside. Now is the time to get up from your computer. @CAPS5 you haven't learned, the computer is an unhealthy thing for humans to use. Be like me and get rid of your computer. You need to be healthy and most of all active. Have good eyes and enjoy nature. Don't use the computer.""",3.4434948
"Computers are used everywhere, for thousands of different things. Many of @LOCATION1 spend hours glued to our computer screen everyday. Being very reliant on your computer is not always good for you. @DATE1 too many people spend countless hours on their computers, rather than doing other activities. Therefore, computers are not the best way to spend your time because you get less excersize, your school grades can lower, and your communication skills will weaken. First, when spending days on your keyboard you will have less time to run or play with your friends. In the @LOCATION1 @DATE1, many more people are becoming obese, creating unhealthy genes to be passed on. Perhaps a reason for this is that too many people can just sit on their laptops to shop, see movies, and even to get a college education. Less and less people go for walks because they would rather be on @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION1. Without the constant use of computers there would be more free time for people to get outside, or play sports. Secondly, many kids and teens are attached to their laptop, and bring it everywhere with them. So, rather than studying for their tests, they could be on @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION1. Must chose to go on @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION1 rather than opening their books. Plus, spending so many hours on a computer. less time to do their homework, so they just begin to not do any of it. Computers take away their time that could be used towards getting a college education, why waste them? Lastly, why talk on the phone or in person when you can just send them an e-mail or chat online with them? Many people @DATE1 are staying inside on their laptops to talk to a person rather than doing it face to face. This can cause a lack of communication skills, something that might sound good online, could sound absolutely terrible in the ""real"" world. This loss of skill, could lead to a generation of more cyber talk rather than @CAPS3. In conclusion, why spend so many hours on the computer when you could be outside, or hanging out with friends? Personally I'd prefer to go and do something rather than being stuck inside on a computer.",3.8684886
"With new things coming out these days, I, @PERSON1, believe that all things out in libraries should have a certain organization for certian subjects. I am not asking for any removal or destorying of books, magazines, or anything that is in the libraries but I am asking for a fair hearing of my opinion.     I would like more organization for certian things, I do know people have their own ideas about things that should be in a book. These books found in a library could bring enjoyment to people, but sometimes can offence other people.  So, with this way I would really like if there was a scale, or organization of books.      So with that, people who dont like certain subjects could easily stay away from the books that they do not like. If there is a scale factor of these books, music, magazines, or movies, you can just have a number or a letter symbolizing the certain catagories. Even though, I, personally think it is alittle worse than a different organization, it would atleast worn people of these things.     If you were to deside that either way would be better so then less complaining people would be wanting all books destroyed. I think that organizing the books in a different way would be better. This would be a lot of work but, thinking of a mother of a child could easily keep them away from books the mother would not even touch herself.     I would not like any books removed from libraries. This is because if you start taking one out of the library, that my offence someone, I believe you will start taking out more than one. With this thought I think it will come down to either everyone complaining about a certain book in the library to no library at all. So please, please think about organizing the books, magazes, movies, music, and more so then this will not happen in the future. Thank you for your time to read this, I hope you can find a way of going in to this subject more. Also, maybe publish some too, into the newspaper.",3.2386112
"How would you feel if your son or daughter saw a naked picture of someone, kept hearing bad words from a song that was in the library! Would you really want that for your child? Thought a library was supposed to be a learning center, didnt know it was a bad place to be. People have their own opinions in everything! A lot of things these days are changing and it's not for the better! Television, books, and music are becoming dirty and unenjoyable to people. Please help try and help us stop this! We don't want it getting to our kids, like it has to others!     Some people like these kinds of things with bad actions in them! One thing that catches them is the beat, it just makes them want to start dancing. Another reason why they like it is beacuse their friends like it also! People these days are becoming more of followers than leaders like they should be. When people grow up they usually have an idol whether its a singer, book writer, or actor. When that idol grows older it most likely isnt going to be the same person with the same thoughts it had @DATE1, they change for the worse most of the time! They get caught up in drugs or the fame that it puts them in. When that happens people loose than interste in them unless they think its cool! It all just depends on the person! Some people thrive off of these things!     Libraries are supposed to be for all ages! If a kid finds something that was bad at a library and tells their friends or parents thats just putting down the library and they aren't going to want to go there anymore. This is just hurting the library because it will loose a lot of their buisness. Young kids these days are being expossed to a lot of more things that they should'nt be! What little kids already know is sickning! Hearing them say that they have boyfriends and girlfriends, and how they know bad words just at the age of @DATE1! It might have to do with the parents or the friends the kids choose but in my opinion it's right! Kid's are growing up way to fast because of the things that they know!     Movies, music, books, etc. are not like they used to be in the fifty's, even the eighty's, yeah they werent the best, but its gotten a little extreme theses days. The words that they say in songs, the things we see in movies, and the picture we see in magazines are getting out of hand. There should be a section that is blocked off only for eighteen and older that has all the bad things in the music, movies, and, magazine articles/picture. People shoud have id's that they have to have to get into this section! This is going to try and prevent kids from seeing what they are these days when they are at a young age. This might not even work, but its worth a try!      The world is'nt a happy place anymore! It's filled with violence, sex, drugs, etc. Some parents don't care about the things that their child does, says, or sees. It all just depends on the family. Whether they believe in @CAPS1 or if they don't is another example of this! It always affects ther actions and thought! People try and do the littlest things, and they try and make a difference in the world. That is what people need to do, not get involved in horrible things. They need to get involved and stay out of these bad things; seeing bad picture, hearing bad words, and watching horrible things in movies. Try to make a difference! dont be a follower because it's not going ti get you anywhere in life! Everything counts!",3.4461794
"Culture and history are two very important aspects of the world. Liraries are placs that house these very things for the enjoyment of all who visit them. This is why i believe libraries should not censor any of their materials. Learning has always been and will be a key aspect of living and libraies offer this to people freely! How can one take that freedom away from another?    Not all things in the world and history are perfect and have occured in the ideal way. However, subjects such as slavery, the @CAPS1, and other controversial topics must be known about. These horrible happenings @MONTH1 offend some but they cannot be erased from the past. Learning is natural to humans yet we always try to fight it. It is not right to hide the truth.    Some people are easily offended and some are not. But the true question is,'who is to say what is offensive?'. There are people who believe that discussing @CAPS2 in the christian religion is offnsive and others who believe any type of homosexuality is also. Yet there are still others whose believes directly contradict these. Libraries must maintain all types of material becuase their purpose is to hold knowledge and not just what people want to know.    How can we make better decisions in the future if we do not recognize what has occured in the past? Removing information from the library because it is offensive is essentially depriving people solutions to problems. All aspects of culture and history should be preserved so that we can know where we came from, the mistakes we made, and how we plan to fix our new ones! History has never been in the control of man.    In conclusion, libraries should not censor any of their materials. What has happened in the past cannot be changed or altered to fit our ideal visions. And by doing this we deprive future generations of information that could potentially be useful. We must never forget who we are as a people, and where we came from. Our knowledge and ability to learn is our greatest asset and must be treasured.",3.884766
"Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 computers does have some cons but they also have a lot of pros. Some pros are they show magnificant pictures of nature and it would pictures until you want to send them by email. You can even order tickets for planes, trains and movies. Let's not forget shopping and internet. If you go on the internet you can find many pictures of any thing you want. Such as pictures of nature, celebrities. About @PERCENT1 of all picture on the internet are true. A computer can also hold pictures that you take on a digital camera. It can even take a project on a flash drive and then download it. The computer can even email the pictures to any email that exsist. If you want to go to the movies or on vacation you can get the movie tickets online. You can get them at any ticket sales website. If you want to go on vacation you can get your hotel tickets even your plane train, or boat ticket online. Buying tickets isn't the only thing you can do on the internet you can buy stuff to. You can order @CAPS2, @CAPS2 @NUM1, @CAPS2 @NUM2, game cube, x-box, x-box @NUM3, wii, you even computer games. You can even buy the game systems. You can buy house hold appliances. Also you can put clothes and other store products an hold. The internet you can watch videos an almost any website you go on. Some @MONTH1 be grass, some @MONTH1 be funny others @MONTH1 even be wierd. @PERCENT2 of all teenagers like watching music videos. Some are just the artist sing and dancing in a background other times people make fun of other artists. Even though computers do have pros and cons they have more pros. Like the examples in the passage above.",3.5637536
"Author Katherine Paterson once said, 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.  But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf--that work I abhor--then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else.  And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'  @CAPS1 quote is reflecting people wanting to rid of some of the literature, books, magazines, music, and movies in libraries, because they think that the material is inappropriate.  If we got rid of all of the books from @CAPS1 world, we would have nothing left to learn from, and some of the main sources of entertainment would vanish. I believe that certain materials should not be replaced from the shelves, because the youth of today need to learn about the true past, people should learn about how cultures really are, authors and writers need to be able to express themselves, and parents should be able to control what they believe their children should and should not read.       If it were not for books and novels from the past, the current generations would have no clue of what history was about.  Children should be allowed to read books such as @ORGANIZATION1, The @CAPS2 @CAPS3, and @CAPS4 @CAPS5 in order to get a taste of how much times have changed.  Stories from grandparents only take a person back about @NUM1 years; we need sources that can take us back thousands of years.  Some families, such as an @CAPS6 @CAPS7 family, might get offended if their children are reading books that say things like 'nigger,' but that is our history.  It is something we cannot change, and it is important for kids to know how things really were and how terrible people were treated.  We also do not want today's youth making some of the terrible mistakes generations in the past made, so they need to be taught about the real but sometimes horrendous situations.     Learning about different cultures would be another issue if books and movies were depleted.  Money is not available these days to just travel to different countries and experience their culture.  How is a young girl from a small town in @LOCATION2 supposed to find out how people in @LOCATION1 live their life?  For all she knows, the people could be living in igloos.  I believe that it is important for people to understand different cultures and religions in order to accept them in society.  Movies can teach a lot about different countries, and books do a wonderful job as well.  If they are gone, cultures would be misunderstood and forgotten.     Also, authors and directors need to be able to express themselves.  Every since people are young, they are taught that it is important to be unique and express their own style.  Not every writer is going to want to write about butterflies and rainbows.  There are people that love writing about violence, gore, and segregation.  Those things are part of the world today and everyone needs to face that reality.  Getting rid of all of those books from library shelves will not solve the problems; it would only cause people to not expect what might happen to them or @CAPS1 world.       Now, some parents @MONTH1 have hard times when their young boy comes home from school with an offensive book, but parents should have control over their kids.  If they have a problem with what their children are reading, then they should deal with that personally.  They do not need to influence other people's lives by trying to get rid of the materials off of public libraries' shelves.     Why people would even consider getting rid of history and learning materials about cultures and different subjects in @CAPS1 world is beyond me.  It would be like asking someone to rewind time so that we would not have had slavery, depressions, world wars, and homicides.  It is impossible to undo history, but we can learn about the things from the past in order to not make the same mistakes and things of the current world in order to be accepting and understanding.  Books, magazines, movies, and music are wonderful.  They represent self-expression and freedom of speech, so people should let them be an entertainment and learning source.  Without them, we would be and have nothing",4.1093388
"Dear Local Newspaper, I agree with the experts in people staying on the computer to much. The reason why is family and friends are distant, mood swings can occur and also being overweight, finally computers can do a lot of things @CAPS1 far. To be on the computer too much, your family will start to worry about you. If you were to stay on a computer for a whole day, taht causes people to think otherwise of how you are. Also if you were to stay inside on a @DATE1 and your friends come over but you say, ""I don't wanna go out"", there just drifting away slowly. Since I am a teen I stay up texting and talking and going outside and I hate to see on of my friend's on the computer when I wanna hang out. When I was @NUM1 or @NUM2, I used to always be on the computer for like days to weeks, until my friend's and family said don't let this get to you. I had a friend who was a good athlete and very funny and nice, but when his mom got him a computer, I didn't want to be his friend. When I was @NUM2 I use to get mad at everything if I couldn't use the computer, it was like I was a brat. Also I used to be big, (as in overweight) because I never went outside to exercise or in my own room. The reason being on why I stopped being his friend was he to get mad if I come over there to ask if he can come outside. Also when he did come outside he used to never do nothing or run because he was always @CAPS1 tired, @CAPS1 what I am trying to say is the computer can really change people in a lot of bad way's. The last thing which makes everyone change is what computer's can do now. For example, a game called @CAPS2 of @CAPS3 can get you addicted @CAPS1 fast, you barely do anything elese. Another bad thing is @CAPS4, sure you keep in touch with friends but if you stay on too long, it's basically hooked you into it. Lastly online chatting room's or games when you can create a person to look like you makes you think that's gonna be your life from now on. Also people think that computer's can do anything it really can't, everything a computer can do is like a drug it's addicting. Well I just gave you a little thing of a lot of thing's a computer can do but to refresh your memory I'll say it again. A reason why I agree is family and friends seem distant to you at times you get mood swing's and less exercising, lastly what a computer could do now. Since you know now of the danger's that can happen I suggest you rethink about computers.",3.714249
"Dear Newspaper, People use computers in their everyday lifes, & having computers has become customary to many people throughout the @LOCATION1. We go on computers for research, writing papers, or just for pure entertainment, in all these ways computers are very helpful. But, like all good things, too much computer time can be harmful. Sure they provide our lives with knowledge, info on the outside world, & connections with people from just about anywhere, but some of us become too attached with this virtual life instead of living our own real lifes. This happens to many people, some don't even notice what computers are doing to them. For most people, life @MONTH1 be challenging & the real world to stressing, so they retire to the computer for awhile, & to me this is fine, but when someone were to keep doing this it would become an addiction. Instead of relaxing by taking a walk or reading a book, they go to the computer, this would not be good for their social life or their minds. In my opinion, minds need to think, they need excerise by puzzling over something or figuring out a problem. Sure you think your brain is thinking by playing a challenging computer game, & sure, in some ways, it is. But it could reach its full potential by doing something else thats not straining your eyes so much. Computers can be good, but not for everything in your life. Now what about your social life Computers can be a helpful resource in many ways, but not if you let them become a destruction. This @MONTH1 happen by letting the computer be your constant companion. Now a days people have come up with online games where you can interact with other people. This isn't neccessarily bad unless your whole social life is only with these online people that you really don't know, instead of with real people that you see at school or meet on the everyday streets so what I'm saying is that a talking with people online isn't bad as long as you put them as secondary friends & have real people come first. Like I said in the beginning computers are part of our everyday life, and its not a bad thing, they can be very helpful. But you must control what you do on them and how much you use them. If you do that you will most likely have a much more balanced lifestyle. Making you, your friends, & family a whole lot happier.",3.7620707
"Everyone in the world has different opinions. Some people care about things that other people don't care about at all. One topic that seems to get everyone going is censorship. Everyone has an opinion on it; and not everyone agrees with eachother.     All libraries have different sections based upon age. There are childrens sections, teens sections, and adult sections. I think censorship has a lot to do with maturity levels. Things in books and movies that aren't appropriate for children, shouldn't be put in the children section. I understand parents' don't want their children reading or watching abscene material; but as kids are growing up, they're going to learn about the innapropriate things sooner or later in school.      I don't think anything should be taken off of a shelf just because a handful of parents find the material offensive. I don't take censorship very seriously. Some parents want their children reading books with innapropriate material so they can learn about what goes on in the world and what life is like. Most children and some teens don't know what the world is like because they don't get out much. They don't learn things that they should know already. Reading is a way of learning. When someone wants to know more information about any place or anything, they go to the library and check out a book. For a school project or just for fun.      Most parents agree that nothing innappropriate should be in a childrens' section at a library. Just because they're young and parents don't want their kids going around at the age of @NUM1 cussing like a sailor. But I think that teens are mature enough to read or watch innappropriate material like a book with cussing or a movie with kissing scenes. Parents shouldn't have a say on what goes on or off the shelves in a library. They should just mind their own business. If their kid picks out a book that they think is too offensive for them to read, then they can just simply tell them that they cannot get the book. It's as simple as that. Parents who ask for books to get taken off the shelf are just asking for too much.      Censorship in libraries is not a big deal to me. I think kids should be able to read a book that they want to read. At least they're wanting to read. Let them read for @PERSON1's sake. But like I said, everyone has their own opinions.",3.7510276
"To the @CAPS1, I have recently heard that some people think that computers don't benefit society. However, I disagree with that. First, it allows children and adults to learn about distant places and other things. Also, it allows family and friends to connect with other family and friends. And lastly, it is a form of entertainment on a day that you can't go outside. Some people might not agree with me. However, I believe the computer wasn't a waste of thought. I think the computer is a benefits to society and the whole world. First, the computer allows children and adults to learn about distant places and, other things. People, professors, historians, and either highly educated people past discoveries and information about things everyday. That means everyday someone can learn something everyday of their life. When I do research on a important person in history, I learned things I never learned in school. The computer is the best way to allow people to put info they've learned for other people to see and gain knowledge of each other these are endless possibilities for everyone who owns a computer to learn. You wouldn't believe the things you can learn on a computer. Also, the computer allows family and friends stay in touch with other family and friends in far away places. If there was computers and someof your family moved to a diffrent. There wouldn't be an efficient way to stay in touch with them. The computer allows you to send e-mail to a families computer or celluar phones. The computer is the best way to stay close to your family even though they are far away. My brother is in @LOCATION1 and every day I get on the computer when I get home and video chat with him. If there was no computer, I wouldn't be able to chat with my brother. Lastly, the computer allows a form of entertainment on a rainy day. Certain software gives people the chance to create games and post online to the public. When I can't go outside because of the weather I get on my computer and play video games. The games keep me company. I can never play with other people with online multiplayer. Some of the games are educational also. The games teach you different things about history. ",3.7352045
"Libraries in @LOCATION1     I am going to write a persuasive essay about what I think about some books and magazines that some people find offensive thing in the book. I dont think that just because it is offensive someone it should be taken off the shelf, because some people have different views over the book or magazine. So I am going to tell what I think over this subject.          I think if someone dose'nt like whats in the book they should just not read it or something, because some people might find it interesting. People just need to stop being so selfish and start thinking about others. For example the author of the book or magazine some how relates to them, and they probably made it so other people could relate to them also. Thats why I think people should not argue about taking books off the shelf and start thinking of others. Thats what I think about people trying to take the books off the shelf.     So whoever is reading this please take this in consideriation and relize that some people like different books than others. So don't start taking books off the shelf just because a few people find them offensive. So thats all I have to say about people that are trying to get them taken off the shelf because there offensive to them",2.869746
"What @CAPS1 You Do?     A very big battle for a lot of people is if libraries should allow offensive matterial to be on their shelves. Some people don't care, but some people think it's a very big issue. For the people who care, their view on the issue is that the offensive matterial should be taken off of the library shelf. I personally believe that it should be ok for 'offensive' matterial to be on the shelves of the libraties across the @ORGANIZATION1.     What is conciterd offensive? Each and every person has their own view on what they think is offensive. An example is a young child @MONTH1 think that the word 'stupid' is a curse word while some older people think that it is not a curse word. If we did take off all the offensive matterial from the libraries, there @CAPS1 be nothing left. You @MONTH1 think that the @ORGANIZATION2 is a very good book, but if you talk to someone who believes the @ORGANIZATION2 is false, they @MONTH1 think that by having the @ORGANIZATION2 of the shelf is offensive to their own beliefs. Because so many people have a difforent view on what is offensive, no one @CAPS1 ever be able to actually have a non-offensive library. A group of people @CAPS1 not be able to agree on what is or what isn't offensive.      There are a lot of websites and organizations that say what they personally think is offensive and what is not. People can go to those websites and organizations to know what they personally should check out from the library. It should not be the libraries own job to say what you can and can not check out. Each person is responsible for their own actions. If a person wants to check out a book or movie that some people think is offensive, so be it. It is a free world. Some people @MONTH1 not aprove of their choice, but again, they have the right to read that book or listen to that music.     In conclusion I state: no one should be able to say what you can and can not have on the shelves of the library. If someone personally thinks that a movie or book is offensive, then they should not watch that movie or read that book. Really the question should not be, 'Should we remove books, music, movies, magazines, etc. from the library that are offensive?', the question should be, 'Should I be reading this book, watching this movie, or listening to this music?'. It is everyone's own choice to read a book or listen to a @LOCATION1. We are not accountable for what other people do. It is not the libraries own resonsiblility to be a mother to all of it's cusomers. Let the libraries be!",3.9445946
"Dear editor of local newspaper, @CAPS1 you know that the average person spends three or more hours each day on the computer? The time taken up by staring at a blank screen can be spent helping the community, exercising, or simply having fun with others. All this valuable time is wasted because of computers, spending large sums of time on a computer lessens your time with family and friends, causes health concerns, and alternately @MONTH1 became addictive. First of all, computers @MONTH1 prevent you from spending time your family and friends. Often people come home from work or school just wanting to relax, so the seek comfort from the web. However, a more relaxing activity could be playing a game with your family or going out with your friends. After all, nobody lasts forever and your time with once everyday. This precious time is taken away by computer technology, which will last longer than any human and doesn't even provide comfort when someone is down. For example, a teenager would be on the computer who is making fun of them. This does not benefit the and the bullying could lead to depression deceded with her family or friends, they could probably share a few and make everyone feel good, @CAPS2, time spent on the computer is less spent with family and perends. Secondly, computers can bad for your health, at a the eyes, and people with trouble seeing. typing a lot way the need for spending more time on the computer gives you learn time for examples and often temple you if someone finds a website they really like, they will quite went to visit it often, perhaps even multiple times a day! Along with websites, @CAPS3 games and networks are also very popular and addictive. Computer addiction can lead to health problems (as talled about before) and withdrawal symptons when you try to stop. It's very important that people stop spending a lot of time on the computer to make sure an addiction is prevented before it can even start. In conclusion, computer technology is hurting the human race and could be preventing greater things to be happening in individual's lives. There is less time to do things with your loved ones, more negative impacts on your a rising number of computer addicts because of our modern technology. However, all there, could be prevented if people simply spent less time on the computer.",3.7769141
"There are many books out there that parents would not want there children reading. Some books have violence and crimes, others have love and romance. But it is not the best idea to use censorship in libraries. There are many books out there that might not be good for children to read, but it might help them make better choices in real life. Also, we can not forget about freedom of the press.     With freedom of the press anyone can write about anything they want. They can write about the good, the bad, violence, crimes, love, and romance. Everyone has there own way of writing and there own imagination. Without imagination what fiction would there be for children to read. There would be nothing to write about without imagination. With censorship, there would not be any books on the library shelves for children to read.     If the libraries were to censor the books on the shelves there would not be any books to read because every book has something to censor. Wethear it is swearing, guns, killing, romance, or love. There is something in every book that in innapproperate for children to read. If the libraries were to censor the books on the shelves there would nothing left to read, and the intelligence of children would drop dramatically.     Children read for many reasons, like to expand there minds and to enter a world where the book takes place. But what children might not know is that reading also strengthens there vocabulary. When children read they learn many new words that are in that book. While they are reading the book opens there mind to much more then what they are used to and normally around everyday. When they are reading the children expand the minds and also helps them with everyday situations. This is why I do not believe that censorship in libraries is not a great idea.     If libraries censorship books and everything else on the shelves there would be nothing left for children at the libraries. They would be stuck reading books where they do not learn anything. They would read the same books over and over, they wouldnt learn anything new. There wouldnt be anything the could expand there minds with. That is something we certinly do not want for our community or anywhere for that matter",3.6095746
"Yes, I do believe that certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc.,  should be removed from the shelves if thery are found offensive. The reason why I think some things shuld be removed is because some kids don't need to look at certain things. Parents don't always go with there children to the library and tell them what they can and can't get. At school libraries they really dont have bad things they only have school approte things. But the public library has alot of different things and than a school library. Therefore those are my reaons why i believe certain materials should be removed.",2.1157396
"Many Libraries today have limits on what they can put on their shelves.  Yes, their is offensive material out there in the world but, its just artists triing to make a name for themselves.  If we start controlling each others thoughts, feelings, and artist ability where will that get our culture that is rapidly expanding?  Libraries should not have the right to censor material.      One way to appeal to everyones demands would be to divide the library into two major sections childrens and adults and then you could contiue dividing sections.  Doing this would be cost-effective and adding a   age limit in the adult section so no noisy children could get into there would be nice.  It would help making finding a book easier for finding that right book.     Censorship is defined as taking out a paticular item, thats either offensive to a certain group or is banned.  If someone took out @PERSON2's @PERSON3 statue and other peices of work, we wouldnt get where we would be today.  If you take out material you never know where it could go or lead someone.  Censorship holds back many artists true potential.  Limiting someones knowledge could hurt that persons chance at becoming something in this world.     I have read many books that are both offensive in ways and other books about knowledge and intelligence and their is no difference. Many things interest different people. The author Katherine Paterson's quote explains this all to well if someone has a right to remove a book from the shelf than everyone has a right to remove a material off a shelve and so there would be no books left.  Censoring something not only hurts the person who created it but hurts everyone else.     Libraries should not censorship any material. Censoring material hurts everyones yearn for a open mind or a better understanding of something.  As Katherine Paterson's quote goes 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.  But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf---that work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else. And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'  @CAPS1 explains that if one person has a right to take a material off a shelf than everyone else has that right.   Censorship shouldnt be in libraries.",3.7007859
I believe that people spending to much time on computers can effect their health and the relationship they have with friends and family. If you are on the computer and one of your friends ask you to go outside you are most likely to say no because the computer is grabing your attention more than going outside. That hurts your health and your relationship with your friend. If your family is going to a movie to have family time maybe you will stay because you would stay home on the computer. That effects the relationship with your family. Most people rather stay on the computer than spend time working out. So that effects your health because most of the time your on the computer for a long time your going to end up hungry and keep eating and eating and since your not working out you get fat. Now your not working out and you just keep eating. So since you are not working out and your mind is always on the computer you can get sick. Thats why most people are not healthy because of computers. Computers can mess up your relationships with family and friends. Sometimes your friend can ask you to go outside or to work out and you say no because your on the computer that messes up your relationship with your friend. Or your family can be having a movie night and your on the computer while they leave. That is messing up the relationship with your family. Being on the computer you can go nights without sleeping. I your playing a realy good game on the computer and it comes time for you to take a rest and since the game is so fun you don't sleep. Then after a while you get addicted and won't stop playing. So you won't get sleep and if you have school you won't be able to concentrate you will to busy worried about the game. So thats why computer aren't so good. It can mess up your health. I can mess up your social life with family and friends. You won't get a lot of sleep and won't be able to concentrate.,3.519422
"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I understand that more and more people use computers, and that can have a good side and a bad one. Do you go on the computer for hours every day? That could be bad. I believe computers are good thing, but only if they are used properly. Hopefully when I'm done, you'll see where I'm coming from on this matters. Everyone is on the computer these days. The problem is, many people are on way too much. They say they are working on hand-eye coordination, but in reality they are wasting away their lives on a chair. They do not communicate as much with the rest of the household and that does not make a big, happy family. They say they are getting important information, but in truth, they might just be getting false information and viruses. Bad people are out there, and one might hack into your computer and ruin your day. Things like @CAPS4 @CAPS5 and @CAPS6 could have people that want to find out all about you so they can hurt you. Yes, being on the computer definitely has a bad side. But there is a good side as well. That is, as long as you are not on too much. It does improve hand-eye coordination, if you play the right games. And it can teach you things, too. Many websites have true information about place or things so you don't need to see it to know about it. You can be helpful. It is also an easy way to purchase items. You can just order them. Most importantly, you can have fun. So, what is your side on this argument? Do you think way too many people are on the computer. Or do you think computers can be great, as long as you're careful? I, for one, pick the latter one. What about you?",3.4119134
I don't think certin matrials should be removed from library shelvs. People have the option to get what they choose from the shelvs the lirarians don't force them to choose the item. It is a free country and i think people should choose what they wan't. If the people don't like it then read the back of the movie or book before you choose it.,1.9308014
"@ORGANIZATION1, With the recent development @MONEY1 technology in todays society I know that there is a lot @MONEY1 controversy with computers. Many people believe that computers are positive towards our society. While others disagree. I feel that technology can be both good and bad. Technology provides great advancements in our world. But people experience less @MONEY1 the outside world when they surround themselves with technology. But I feel that we can find a balance between the two views. Having computers has brought a lot @MONEY1 advancement in todays society. Look at modern medicine, it would be nothing without todays technology in computers. We can look at todays military. Computers practically run todays armed forces. But who knows where technology can take us. Our society could continue to greatly advance with the help @MONEY1 computers. But then again we could all wonder where would we be today without computers. So @ORGANIZATION1, as you can see computers have helped our society greatly with improvement and progression. But with all @MONEY1 this technology we still need to find a balance. It is live todays @CAPS1 spend cover @NUM1 hours per week on computers. People are not experiencing the world outside @MONEY1 their computers. Our state does put in @MONEY1 each year for our parks just so we can ignore them. Also with increased computer time people are not getting outside. They arent getting proper exercise. You @MONTH1 even notice that if you use the computer too much you will miss more interactions with your family. So although computers can be very useful you need to be able to turn off the computer and realize the true important things in your life, besides the computers. computers can be both good and bad. But I think that we need to find a balance between the two. Computers are useful to our daily life but at the same time we also need to realize that we need to sometimes take a break from our computers. Lets face it without computers today we would not be able to function. Entire companies revolve around computers and if computers just ended, @MONEY1 @MONEY1 people would lose their jobs. But also regular people, for example teens, do not need to be on the computer for four hours a day. Those four hours could be spent with their families. We need to find a balance. For example, you could say for every hour your on the computer you need to spend that same hour to go outside, spend time with your family, etc. Computers are useful but we cannot over use it. So, to the @ORGANIZATION1, computers help our society thrive. But at the same time we need to learn when we have had enough time on the computer. So I believe that we can call find a healthy balance @MONEY1 computer use.",4.4333572
"Teachers in schools do their best to make sure the material that children and young adults read and see in school is appropriate for their certain age group. Parents also make the effort to censor what their kids read, watch, and listen to as a way of keeping them innocent. At a point in a young adults life, this feeling of censorship wears off, and the teenager decides to read, watch, and listen to whatever they want to. This is how it goes in most cases, but is this strong feeling of public censorship too old fashioned for todays society? In my opinion, yes. Censorship, to a certain extent, should not be in present in libraries.      There will always be something that one person finds in appropriate while another finds it to be perfectly fine. When I was younger we would sometimes watch movies in the after school program I attended. One movie, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 specifically, created conflict. While my mother was fine with me watching the movie, some of the other kids were not allowed to because their parents did not find the movie appropriate. Because of this one parent family all the kids in the program had to watch a differnt movie that everyone's parents were okay with. As @PERSON1 said eventually 'we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.' If libraries restricted material based on what people found offensive, there would be nothing left; people can find offensive material in almost any material in this century. It is the way our culture is. I am not saying it is right, but someone else might think so and that person has a right to go to a library and get a book that they find perfectly fine.      In the @ORGANIZATION1 censorship has almost never been present. It is part of what is great about this country. People can speak, believe, and read what they want without the government interfering. This is not true in a lot of places and we should value that as @CAPS3, not complain about it. The government has no right constitutionally to censor material put in public, there can be age restrictions, but to completely cut the material out would go against this countrie's policy of freedom. I agree that age restrictions are okay, but I believe it is untimately up to the parents of a child what they want their child to watch or read.      Overall, the censorship issue is a little bit of a grey area. In my opinion our country is about freedom and censorship is not exactly upholding the constitution. People can believe what they want, but the issue will be hard to conclude. Everyone has a different view on something, that is what started this issue in the first place. When everyone learns to get along, maybe then can this problem be solved",4.1384172
"Dear @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION2, I believe that computers have a positive affect on people who use them. Because they teach hand eye coordination, give us the ability to learn about far away people and places and allow us to chat online with people. @CAPS3 first reason of why I think computers have a positive affect on people is that they teach hand eye coordination. For example, we need to use our hand-eye coordination skills when we type to @CAPS2 the letters. This helps us increase our Hand eye coordination because it helps us think about what letters we are typing, @CAPS2 the letters on the keyboard, and push them. Also when we type long passages it increase our hand eye coordination becaue we get used to wrighting the long paragraphs and we become more familiar with where the letters are on the keyboard and our speed increases,which means we can get more work done in a shorter time. Believe it or not @PERSON1 free of the @ORGANIZATION1 hospital took a survey that showed @NUM1 people who type essays instead of wrighting them by hand, have a greater hand eye coordination skill. Computers also allow us to learn about far away people and places. For example computers make it easier to reaserch far away people and places. Useing a computer can help us understand and learn about people and places withought a trip to the library. Also computers allow us to @CAPS2 us to @CAPS2 more info about recent events that have just around the world. Also computers make it faster to reserch topics because looking for a book in those big libraries can be stressfull, not to mention dificult. Also informat on a computer can never be checked out or not availible like library books. Lastly you have information right at our fingerries so you will never have to leave youre house, @CAPS3 last reason is that computers allwo us to chat online with other people. This can help us because it allows us to talk to friends and family from around the world. Also it helps us talk to our parents if theyre away or if you're on a camping trip. Chating on a computer is a great way to make friends with people you dont know and block people you dont want talking to you. So in a sence you can be in controll of your friendships and who youre friends with. Computers are the greatist advance in technology sence the wheel and they have helped so many people.",3.6602616
"Dear (Newspaper), This is a very controversial topic. I am discussing. But on this one, I must say I agree with the experts when they say computers have a negative effect on people. It ruins their social lives, and other bad things. If you spend all your time on the computer, you get no exercise, no fresh air, and you will not get to experience the rest of the world. Not recieving your daily exercise is a big problem. Obesity has already been an issue for millions people in the @LOCATION1 And it is mostly because they eat unhealthy snacks while sitting at the computer the whole day! you want to live a long and healthy life, don't spend all your time having your eyes give to a screen. In adition everyone needs fresh air, right? Going on the computer inside a room is not going to help at all. You need your daily intake of oxygen. Lastly, if you are on long enough, enough, it will become an obsession. Computers already have a bad effect on people all around, and just think about what has just been mentioned. Another problem computers have is that they keep you away from your family and friends. As mentioned before, the social life you had will be gone. With that in mind, people will always see you on the computer, and eventually get sick of you. Computers bring no adventures, just pictures of them. Going out into the real world might be hard, but it is something that should be done. a real life cannot be lived in a dark room with no people or no nature. Haven't you always wanted to travel around the world, see different types of cultures, lifesyles, etc? It gets to the point where computer use should be limite, and living your life should be in place of your free time. Using a computer all day will not let you meet new people, and see new places. You will sbe getting nowhere with a computer screen in your face, so put it away! In conclusion, using computers all the time restrict you from exercising, getting fresh air. Meeting new people, and seeing different places all over. At the end up the day, life is short, so you can't aford to waste it. computers have a negative effect on everbody, and hopefully someday these problems will be changed!",3.662185
"One @MONTH1 subject the censorship of library content in certain places and times, whether fictional or not, to his or her own opinion.  I personally disagree with the concept.  The facts point out that society fears the dystopia predicted by publications exploring the outcome of similar campaigns and has instated systems designed to prevent such occurrences.  Certain examples stand in play to explicate my opinion.       Society, at least in my native @LOCATION1 and surely abroad in other democratic countries, dislikes enforced censorship for a few reasons.  First, many countries have a @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 and priviledges upheld in the face of the law.  Our founding fathers wrote out one of the documents establishing this trend on the prompting of the general public.  The first ten ammendments to our fine constitution, bundled as the @CAPS1 of @CAPS2, resulted.       Some of the included statements ensure the freedom to speak as it publicly pleases us as citizens and the freedom to write, individually and collectively without boundaries.  The removal of these principles so ingrained in our nation's conscience would cause a general uproar.  We as a people instituted our government to preserve our freedoms, and we could prepare ourselves to replace it as implied in the @CAPS3 of @CAPS4 if so required of us to continue doing just that.       Secondly, publications such as the ones mentioned for banning rebuke the enforcement of opinion for its effects on society.  I can mention three books portraying this dystopic outlook on censorship.  '@CAPS5 @NUM1,' required by state standards for one possible choice of reading assigned to us by my teacher, describes book burning and utmost uniformity between citizens.  '@DATE1,' by @PERSON2, I know describes a dystopia in which all citizens completely submit their will to and omnipotent '@CAPS6 @CAPS7,' who utilizes omnicient surveillanceeven though I have not read the composition myself.  '@CAPS8 @CAPS7,' a recent novel by @PERSON1 whose title employs a pun on the name of @DATE1's prime antagonist, weaves the exciting tale of an older teenager who tries to beat the system of surveillance from under the radar.  All, however, betray a sense of fear in their content, and that fear has transferred directly into local civilization.       In reviewing the aspects of censorship portrayed in its effects, the system itself reveals that the even the intended creation of a utopia and compliance through censorship @MONTH1 result in decline and misery throughout the area within which government or civil officials practice the method.  In any case, a more effective solution must exist today.  To prove the point, let me introduce some content advisory systems currently in place.       Libraries divide themselves into sections for the various age groups, and therefore create an inherent barrier between differing groups of content deemed appropriate only in the face of maturity.  The film and television industries rely on ratings displayed at various times during video to provide the same sort of psychological fence dividing content into pieces.  Even the video game industry, into which I plan to inject myself upon exiting college, has a system in place to separate existing media into tiered subcategories designed in a similar way to film ratings.  Different regions utilize different systems, but that of  the @ORGANIZATION3, or the @ORGANIZATION1 for the @ORGANIZATION2, compares relatively well in ranking video games to the rest of the globe.       As explained, censorship already exists in a form accptable to all.  Nobody forces anybody to comply to the recommendations, but hopefully everyone does so on their honor.  Capable parents most definely follow the guidelines which have cropped up over the years.  Only if these methods of moderation were enforced would everyone be upset.  It's up to everyone to prevent a situation like unto the worst-case scenario and useresponsibly the systems available for this purpose",4.7394624
"@ORGANIZATION1, Computers are great tools and a great piece of modern technology. Almost every family has them. About @PERCENT1 of my class has computers. So many people have them because their helpful and another current learning resource. Also it's a great way to keep in touch with friends. Although they can be time consuming they make up for it in the long run. First, they are helpful because it's quick an easy to get from page to page. It's especially helpful for work because instead of calling a bunch of clients. You can send them all emails in under a few minutes. They also help with school or planning a vacation. You can find great low prices on travel agencies on the computer. This is great because our country is having a bad acession and we need to be saving every penny. These are some of the few reasons why this modern technology is so helpful. Next is that it's a great current learning resource. You can find articles on anything happening right at that moment or a couple days before. Sometimes the articles in books are old and. Those out dated articles don't have accurate more researched information But, computers do so you can compare your information. Also there are online schoold that are affordable. So if you want to get more of an education but, you have to work too. This helps a great deal. A computer can be used for many things like learning. Computers are definetly the best way to keep in touch with friends and family that you aren't able to see very often. I know what your probably thinking, is that well isn't that what phones are for. No because what if that family member or friend doesn't have a phone. Well then they can use their computer to stay in touch. They can use email, facebook, aim, and so many more. A computer helps me stay in touch with people I haven't seen in awhile. Okay, now that I've stated all my reasons why computers are a great resource. I just want to remind you that their helpful a great learning resource, and a great way to stay in touch. Computers are now an important piece of Society. Computers are a whole new track and it should stay that way.",3.5165737
"Dear @CAPS1, In my opinion I think we should use computers. The reason why I think we should use computers because @CAPS2 we need help on something, we can find it on the computer, also because sometimes that is the only way you can get in touch with someone, and sometimes people @MONTH1 have to go on the computer and check instant mail. Frist of all, I think we should use computers because @CAPS2 we need help on something we can find it on the computer. For example, @CAPS2 a student need help on homework they can go on google and look on the they doing and it will help. Also They can go on a website called http.historywork.com and that will also help that on what. Another reason why I think we should use computer because sometimes that is the only way you can get in touch with someone. When I say this I mean like @CAPS2 you have a computer connect with them on the computer. For example like @CAPS2 you have a gmail, facebook, yahoo or myspace you can talk to you friends at there. I do it all the time. Last reason why I that we should use computer is because sometimes @MONTH1 have to go on the for example @CAPS2 you @MONTH1 had important message the website and you message you. I do it why can't you. So yes I do their.",2.9701083
"Books, music, movies and magazines are all offensive in different ways. They all are some how offensive to people if they have inappropreiate launguage or actions or stories in them. Should thease materials be taken off the shelf just because some people think they are to offensive to be on there and they don't want their children getting ahold of them?      When I go to the library I see different sections, fiction, nonfiction, ect. What I don't see is a section marked 'offensive'. Librarys don't do that. If parents or anyone don't want their children or any other children reading offensive books they should go with them and make sure they don't pick up offensive books, or have them wait in the childrens area.      Librarys usually don't carry offensive music. They have @CAPS1's for books to listen to. That might have offensive lauguage in it.  Before renting or buying the @CAPS1 you should ask someone who works at the library to tell you if they conscider it offensive or not. If they don't know then don't get the @CAPS1. Most of the time you know what your looking for before you go to the library anyways.      If movies are offensice they are marked rated @CAPS4. @NUM1 movies are the better ones. If parents or anyone do not want their children watching rated @CAPS4 movies before renting or buying one they should check the back where it always tells you. When I was young my mom would always check the back of movies because she didn't want me watching rated @CAPS4 movies. She herself thought most of them were too offensive for me to see.     Most of the time magazines don't have offensive lauguage in it but they sometimes have inappropreiate pictures of men and women. They also have a bunch of gossip stories you might not want your children to read. But if your letting your children read this then you should read it before they do to make sure for yourself there is nothing you wouldn't want them reading.      I don't think there is any reason to remove books, music, movies, magazines, ect., from the shelves if they are offensive to some. If a parent or anyone else doesn't want their children or anyone else's children to read something they think is offensive they should make sure they read something before they let them read it. Also walk around with the child in the library to make sure they don't pick up anything they wouldn't like, or have their child pick things from the childrens section. Some people like reading books, magazines some might think are offensive. Everyone shouldn't be punished for those who just don't want their children finding offensive things in the library",3.6902556
"Are books and other things found in libraries offensive to some? Why is it offensive and how is it offensive? What should be done about the books, movies, magazines, and movies that are offensive to some of the people?     In my opinion there are some books that I could think of that are offensive to others for particular reasons. Some reasons @MONTH1 include: the put down on races, comments in the book, how the author wrote it and who it was written towards.      Others find some books, music, magazines, and movies offensive because of the terms people use. Some people just get offended because they think it's directed toward them, and they take it personal.      Music can be offensive to some people becasue of the language they use in it. They might look down on it because their children @MONTH1 listen to it, and children nowadays say things they here from music and try to be like the person saying it.     Movies can be offensive because of the language, violence, the way people are treated. A good movie would be @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3. It has violence, language, and people are treated in a harmful way. But overall the movie teaches you about war and the things they've gone through to get our country to where it is today.      Magazines could be offensive by the words used, such as slang words, cursing words, and violent words. The magazines could have nude pictures of people and most parents do not want their children getting ahold of things like that.      Overall, I think that any of these things could be offensive to some people, and probably are, but they shouldn't take it off the shelf because it's offensive to some. If you'd look at it in a certain way everything in the library could be offensive to someone, and if the case is take everything that's offensive they might have to take everything that's in the library. So, I do not find it right for them to take away things that are ofensive to some people. If it offends you then don't read it or listen to it or even look at it, no one is pressuring you to do it, you do it on your own. So therefore it's  not right to take the things off the shelves just because some people do not like it.",3.7003887
"The use of computers has been increasing since personal computers were invented. Although there are some upsides to computers like doing research and interacting with people, there are @CAPS1 more bad aspects then good ones when it comes to computers. Computers negatively affect the way people live outside the ""virtual world."" @CAPS1 people end up overweight or obeise from spending too much time in a computer chair and not enough time outside exercising. People also tend to interact with people on the computer that they don't talk to out in the world, or that they don't know at all. People also give out personal information to people they don't know, which leads me to my second point. Thefts happen everyday across the globe, whether it's robbing a bank, a store, or even someone's identity. Using a computer can lead to @CAPS1 thefts. There are people that hack into people's banking account, which has all your personal information on it, and withdraw any sum of money tha they like. Millions of people have all of their information online, for anyone to see, and this is very dangerous. That is another downside to computers. My final point that is to be made is all the costs that come with computers. @CAPS1 people have to spend a lot of money on glasses because they looked at a computer nearly all the time. Some people even must pay for rehab. There are people out there who are actually addicted to the internet, so they have to pay thousands of dollars to get back to health. As you can see, there are @CAPS1 more cons than pros when it comes to computers. Any of these things could happen to you so I advise you not to use a computer.",3.374444
"Dear @PERSON1, @CAPS1 you know that @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 spend to much time on their computers. I belive people should spend more time outside with their family. This can certainly lead to brain problems, hard time seeing and the biggest thing is death. First of all there are people with brain problems because they are on the computer to much. When they are out with their family they think of their computer. People stay on their computer for a non-stop amount of time. In a resent survey it showed that teenagers stay on the computers the most. Most people don't have a life outside their computer room. Most of all eye doctors have been getting call from parents. They are worried that their child/children have a hard time seeing. I interviewed an eye doctor and this is what he had to say, ""I had one child come into @CAPS3 office and he had the hardest time seeing"". He asked the kids mother why is he having a hard time seeing and she said, ""@CAPS3 son spends on average of three and a half hours on the computer."" The child had to get a pair of special glasses so that he could see better. These glasses aare really expensive. I have read about children and adults deing from using the computer to much. They have fried their brain from using the computer to much. Their brain tells them to do things that are illegal. For example: breaking in homes, killing people, and high sacking cars. I heard one kid used the computer to much that he started to kill people and got shot by a cop. The more people die from using the computer to much the higher the death toll will be. It is now or never @CAPS3 friends out there to work together on cutting down on how much we use the computer. I'm sure that no one wants to be part of the death toll until we really have to. It is time to go outside and have fun with your family. They miss spending time with you. So get off your butt and go outside. But wait, make sure you trun your computer off so that you are not temted to go back on it.",3.3966703
"Dear @CAPS1,     @CAPS2 is it safe to draw the line on what kids should or should not see as far as the world is concerned. What makes kids behave better, being sheltered from life or being life smart and knowing what is going on in this world.      I think its safe to say what we do or do not want our kids to do, say ect. But in other terms do we have full conrol of our kids @NUM1. I knw that this might sound wierd but I strongly believe in the simple fact hat kids are being over sheltered to day! Our kids are groing up with the new technology. Its the centry for computers and laptops and gaming systems. Our kids dont know what its like to go out side anymore. The world has so much to offer us yet, we turn it down beacuse we see what all the new advances have to offer as well. I think it is very important to be books smart as well as street smart, if you spend all your @CAPS3 doing one thing at at @CAPS3 you are gonna end up lacking on one thing. I blelieve grades will come.     I think that our kids are over sheletered for the simple fact that when our kids see something that we dont want them to see, or there not ready for then there not allowed to see it it, but whos to say on the days your not watching them that there not going to go in the real world and just see exactly what you didnt want them too! This is why its important for you to teachyour child what is going on in the world and noth leave them in the dark.     Also we are living in the new age of life, were computers and laptops are the number one thing in the world right now for people to be usign and on throught the day. It is hard for kids to understand the realness of life since ever thing is done over the internet now. It is a privilage to be so far advanced in the world yet we still dont know what to do!      As we get older we are not gonna know nearly as much stuff as need to be known and taught beacuse as we get older were gettomg, more logic and more information over the materials on the web. Kids will not know how to fix cars or know to start up a lawm mower.      I think that books should not be taken off te shelf beacuse as the day goes by kids reality is getting taken and taken more and more! I think that it is a big deal what kids learn about the everyday life becuse that is our future and if they have no idea what is going on and it scares me beacuse the are going to be alot more battles for our kids to fight we just have to teach them all that we can and hope that they become the best people they can be in life !                                                 Thank You for Your @CAPS3!                                                            Deven",3.423623
"Dear local newspaper, Computers are they a good benifit for society or a bad benifit for society? What do you think would you enjoy always being on the computer? I wouldn't, so this is why I believe that computers have a negative impact on society. First reason why I think computers have a negative impact is because you can become addicted to always having to be on the computer. Becoming addicted to the computer leads to serious consequences. For example you spend less time exercising and that isn't healthy for your body physically. Not exercising leads to many things like being over weight, health problems, diseases like dieabeties, and many other things, but usually these are the main problems. You can aviode this by turning of the computer and just go for a small walk, but because of what computers have to offer now these day people want do this. Thats one reason why computers have a negative impact on the society. Another reason for why computers have a negative impact on society is because you won't spend as much time with your friends and family. Even if you don't know this if you spend more time on the computer than with your family and friends this affects them in many ways. They can feel dissapointed worried about you, even concerned. When you are always on the computer you're ignoring your family and this hurts them emotionally. Think about how would you feel if you had a best friend you always hung out with. You two did everthing together, and the all of a sudden your best friend suddenly stops calling you; or visiting you and hanging out with you. You would feel dissapointed because you loss your best friend over a computer. These things can happen if you go overboard when using the computer. This is why is think computers don't do good they do more harm in my personal opinion. The final reason why I say that computers aren't way good is for a main reason safty. Those days computers have all the websites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, twitter, and others. There are so many kids who chat with people they don't even know. Also they're posting pictures of themselves without even thinking that this is a dangerous thing to do. Once you post those pictures they will always be there no matter if you even try to delete them. Another thing when you're on the computer people don't even think about their safty and thats how things happen. For example you can think you're talking to a friend but as it turns out you were talking to some stranger. Then you go meet up with your friend when it really wasn't. So you see safty is a real big problem with these computers. That's why I believe computers have a really negative impact on society. As a result, do you still believe that computers are a good beifit for society or bad beifit? My opinion stillis the same and I'm sure that there are others who believe the same. So this is why I think that computers are a bad benifit for society, and that computers can lead to more harm than do any good for people who use the computer.",3.9032116
"Books now an days have action, romases, and, etc. So that's why the books that are not moving off the shelf is because they don't have what other books have. So they just sit there well most of the other books that are getting off the shelf are the happy @CAPS1, The @CAPS2 side, The @CAPS3,and all of the vampor books. It's because they have action, love, and etc.     The books that are on and off the shelf. Are maybe really good books. Some books don't ever leave the shelf it's probably because they are not. Really that great the reason for it is because the books that are on the shelf is. Because the book is  boring, or a old school book, they really don't have what the raeder is looking for. However the books that are really getting readers happy are the books that are from the movies like the @CAPS2 side. That book has gotten sold faster than the movies.     The reason why readers like the books more than the movies is because. The books from the movies like the @CAPS2 side. Is bacuse the author gives more informotion on the movie. I heard that, that book is nothing like the movie the book is so much better than the movie because the book gives more informotion on the movie. So their for poeple really like books that from a movie.     They are more reasons why poeple like books now and days. You don't have to go to a book store anymore the books are now on your iphone, ipod, itouch,ipad and a nook,etc. So now you dont have to go to a book store anymore. You can get it on you iphone and other stuff poeple are raelly happy that they dont have too get up in the morning or when ever they get they books. They can however now just get them on the go.     So that is why books are now on the shelfs for good. Because you can get it on the go. But I believe that poeple whom ever like the feel of book. Should try and  just go out and get a iphone or nook something thaat saves you time while you are on your way to work or school",3.1220646
"Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers take away from our lives in a negative way. New advancements in technology in general take away from our lives negatively. It can contribute to obesity, turn you into a couch potato, and can take away from your social life. It's not that computers arent useful, it's that people are using them too frequently. As a country, @LOCATION1 has more obese people each decade. A good way to lessen the obese population, is to get them out of that comouter chair. @CAPS5 all you do is sit on a chair and play flash games and watch youtube videos all day, your sure to put on a few pounds, Those few pounds do accumulate. @CAPS6 fast food companies like @ORGANIZATION1 contribute to obesity, so do computers. When someone eats a big mac burger, should they go upstairs to play a flash game, or go work out at the gym? Trust me, you arent going to burn any calories by clicking a mouse. People who often use the computer, rarely see the true beuty of nature. They are too busy shooting animated rabbits to go see real rabits. Would you rather take a walkin the park, or stare at a computer screen for @DATE1 and a half hours? The world is a beutiful place, and the more you @CAPS2 @CAPS3, the less you realize it. Being on the computer can even effect your social life. The more you socialize to people you don'@CAPS4 know on the computer, the less you know how to communicate to real people I know that I would want a real girlfriend, not a virtual one. You @MONTH1 be too into a @CAPS4.V. show that your watching on the computer, to even spend time with loved ones. Your family is much more important than a silly computer game. In conclusion, I'd like to say that (in my opinion) computers should be used a little less. Who wouldn'@CAPS4 want to be a fit, nature love, popular kid @CAPS5 people would just spend a little less time on the computer, and a little more time in reality, You could be a kid like that. (@CAPS6 I'm sure the @CAPS1 is an adult.)",4.0853853
"Dear Readers, @CAPS1 has come to my attention that there is a debate on whether or not computers benefit society. This issue is debatable but really I think that computers are not helping the big picture. I don't think that they benefit our health or social actions because computers keep us inside when we could be out. Everyday when I come home from school, I find myself going straight inside and to the computer from there, I log into @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. And my exersize in the next @NUM1 hours or so is only in my fingers. My point is that there is a whole world outside of we only got off our computers and played outside. Statisctis show that @NUM2 kids spend more time inside year-round than out these days. ""@CAPS1 is ridiculous how much things have changed in just @NUM3 years."" says @PERSON1 a pediatrician in @LOCATION1, ""they all need thier exersize."" @CAPS1 is cutrogeous how much people are on computers now, @CAPS1 starts to affect thier attitude, and control thier lives. Sometimes checking notifications on @CAPS3 can be more important to someone than spending time with thier family or friends. A mom of @NUM4 teens says ""They all go to thier rooms, shut thier doors and go on @CAPS3 and @CAPS6 untill dinner and after, they go right back."" In this case, they just plug into thier computers and forget about everyone else. I think @CAPS1 has gotten out of hand how much people and teens especially are addicted to computers. 1/@NUM4 mom says she sees her kid growing apart from the family because of a computer. You @MONTH1 say that when on your computer there is a person you are talking to, and while pen-pals are great, you should really go out and do something! You are talking your friends, but its not the same as being with them. On my recent trip to @LOCATION2 to go skiing, I found that some of my friends jokes funnier when you're with her and not just sitting on a computer. We had a blast! Now I regret not getting together with her to hang out. Also @NUM6 arguments now, have something to do with a missunderstanding through the computer, people @MONTH1 get the wrong message when you send something to them or they take @CAPS1 the wrong way. The truth is, computers are starting to take negative effect on our society and even ruin relationships. If we just get off our computers and get out, we can turn that around.",4.1940217
"@ORGANIZATION2. Hey ma name is @PERSON1 I'm @NUM1 years old I go to @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 going to talk to you about expert people saying that computers are effecting the society. But technology believe that computer have a positive effect on people. More and more people use computer, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. People think computer benefits society, @CAPS3 it don't people learn more they also could talk to people online if they dont got a cell phone to talk you could also research places you wana go to vacation and you could see how it look. Computer is one of the best things they inveted, but is bad to some people because they want to search direction and vecation places but they cant so is hard for people who dosen't got a computer to find out, computer dosen't benefit the society. Those who support advances in technology belive that computer have a positive effect on people. A computer is one important in ma life if @CAPS2 behind in some classes I could do some research and study at home and learn about it. I lost ma cell phone but now I talk to ma friends online when ma parents dosent wana take me shopping I go shopping online is easyer to look fourwut you want. People learn alot with computers, computer is @CAPS3 the world. You could see earth, space the city and wuts going on in internet computer dosent effect the society dosent effect the society in makes it easyer. Give people ability to learn about far away places and people and even allow people to talk online people. I dont know about @LOCATION1 the only thing I knew it was hot but I searched abot it @LOCATION1 is like a cool/park is alot of fun things you could do so I want for vacation and things was true. Online is a great place to chat with friends or family you could keep in touch. Some expert people concern that people are to mouch time in computer instead of exercising. @CAPS1 people do spend alot of time in computer but they do exercite when they go out with family the play the sport when they shopping the are walking thats exercising i bee in the computer @NUM2 but I still exercite I play basketball all the time from the morning till the afternoon because ma health is in portant. You see exspert people you might thing computer are effecting us but is not is the world real easy to find direction places to have a wonder full vecation and it help us study for @ORGANIZATION1 we could apply for jobs and @ORGANIZATION1 online computers are helping us.",3.620151
"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 has come to my attention that those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people and others are disagreering with this comment. In my point of view I believe that computers are effecting some people today and that people are spending a hudge amount of time on computers. The time spent on computers is getting outragous! Many people are just sitting home and staying on thier computer just playing games. Although the computer can be a great way to pay bills and come in contact with others faraway, people are taking advantage of computers and even billing others online. Since your not right infront of the person or near by the computer is a tool for many people to say threatning things without anyone else knowing which could cause fights, or other terrible things. The computer can also be very dangerous in many ways. For example sites like myspace and twitter can be dangerous for teens because of rapest. Some random person colud just start talking to you and ask you to meet them some where which could be dangerous. The computer is also dangerous because you could have inappropriate pictures posted on websites of you and not even know @CAPS1! The last reason why computers and laptops effect people is because of hacking. This is a big issue especially if you have a webcam. Some people know how to back your webcame and can watch what your doing without you knowing. People can also hack into your computer and look at all your documents. I think computers is a big effect on people today and this effect should be solved!",3.289312
"The computer is a great achivement of man. It is very useful for finding information fast, and has many other capabilities. Even though computers are every useful tool in the modern world. It has negatively afect to people. People aren't getting enough exercise because they are always on the computer. Along with that they are being socialy active. The lost and probably most negative effect is the exesive amount of freedom people get on the internet. Exercise is probably are one of the most important thing to live along and healthy life. People should be atleast taking along walk everyday. If people are sitting infront of a all day there will be much moreover people. People shold be for healthy life style, not with computers around every corner. People are also losing the ability to interact. Life is becoming dull. Every one is either texting someone. The biggest surprise is that there is online dating. This is horrible because you might be dating some crazy person. If someone think there inlove and when the cople meets the dont know how to interact, then there is a real problems. Even when you are just on the computer. You could use that time to socialize with friends and family. Last is the emerce amount of freedom that any are has with computers. There are lots of bullies people who want to sell you stuff, and people who want your personal info. Many kids sign up for something like facebook, but they're not cairful. They put staff like there adress and don't pay attention who how is sending them friend request. Computers have way to much negative effectson people. It would be great if some how the system could be improved, and people need to be more responsible. People should wont to get out and interact. Take a walk. Just dont let computers control your life.",3.3665059
"How do you think the world would be without computers? I think it would bring us back a couple of ages. We need computers for communication and to learn things that need to learn. Without computers our country would be nothing. People say you don't get enough exercise and don't enjoy nature enough. Well there are ways to do that too. Communication is one of the greatest things about computers. Teenagers love to @CAPS9 @CAPS10 eachother when there at home because its so fast its like really talkiing to them. @CAPS1-@CAPS2 is another thing people love to use. Bosses of companies use @CAPS1-@CAPS2 to send @CAPS10 to everyone so they're all on the same page. There is also a new video chat were you can talk face to face with someone and see them from the other side of the world if you wanted to. You can also learn all you need to know on computers. They have dictionary sites, history sites, encyclopedia sites, etc. You can find any certain time in history and have a whole site on it. Or a site called wikipedia you can look up a certain thing and get a whole web page dedicated to the info of that object or person. Schools also use sites to help students have their knowledge. They have math sites, english sites, @CAPS3 studies sites, and (a science teacher favorite) @CAPS4 @CAPS5 for everything you need to know about science. They also have lots of websites for help with a new language. There is a recent program out caled @CAPS6 @CAPS7 that is on the computer but teaches you any language as well as any human teacher. Some people still say its not enough. They say you still need exercise, nature, and time with your family. You can still do all that on computers. You can look up certain workouts that you might want to do. You can search good trails to hike on that are near where you live. They have websites (like @CAPS8) were you can @CAPS9 @CAPS10, @CAPS11 pictures, play games, and video chat with your family members who @MONTH1 be living across the world from you. But you canstill do it. Even though I explained a lot of reasons why computers are a great thing to have, there are still a ton more. The teach hand eye coordination and many other things too. You can check sports scores from the night before or check sports score from @NUM1 years ago. You can do all this on the computer and more. This is why computers have a positive effect on people and everyone should have a computer.",3.953269
Censorship in Libraries     I think that censorship in a library is fine some people @MONTH1 feel that children don't need to see certain things. Which that @MONTH1 be true there are a lot of things that even adult shouldn't even see themselves. If there is going to be bad things in the library the owners might make a section just for those things.      People should have the right to be able to look at anything that they want in the library,2.3417702
"Computers have many effects on people these days. Most of them are very good effects that can lead you to become more self-confident. Computers can educate people, from learning about some ancient person to doing school projects. Also computers entertain people too. Lastly it can even increase you chances of finding a job or helping out your job. For most people education is very important to but since kids don't stay in school @NUM1 they use the computer to teach to kids kids can learn about other places. This benefits us because we're learning something and growing out our knowledge. Also kids can do their projects. For example writing on essay, their science fair project and so on. Lastly kids can learn about people from other times. For example famous musicians long ago, celebrities, legends, hall of famers etc. People always look for some kind of entertainment and the first place they ever go is the computer. Everyone likes enetertainment and the computer in the the best plan. They could play a variety of games. Games from the past or gaems from the future. There is also a whole bunch of : multiplayer, figure, castle defense, shnaler sports, racing, acade, and so on. Another fun thing to do is interact with friends online or even talk to any family don't live near you. Lastly, you could watch funny videos, sad videos and music videos. Another that computers effect people is their of finding or help on their . the computer can teach people what they will do on their job, and what to expect. Also, it can let you search for jobs. In your. Finally, it can help them for allowing them to a web page. In conclusions computers have people. It can increase their education, give them entertainment, and even help out on their job, or help them find a job.",3.459299
"It is important to know what is going on or what has gone on in the world. If @CAPS1 is unaware, problems can only be helped to a short extent. There is a point in which words can turn into harrassment, but the boundaries before reaching that point can be fairly defended by the freedom of speech. @CAPS1 must learn in order to teach. @CAPS1 must teach for others to learn. Censorship in libraries is more offensive than the material that is hidden.Censorship should be prohibited because knowledge and time is all we have and everyone must receive and give respect.      If @CAPS1 were to look up information about the government on the internet, that person would not find a lot of useful information. It is a challenge to find why same-sex marriage is illegal in some areas or if the words on the news are true. In this generation, our species relies on cellphones, websites with recent dates, and the news. It seems that the time of research is diminishing. @CAPS1 can only learn so much from a world history textbook. It @MONTH1 not be completely accurate. The passing of the information from historian to historian over the centuries can potentially be described as the game telephone. With such a high risk of being mislead, the world needs as much information and thought as it can get. Knowledge, no matter the content, is valuable. It can help @CAPS1 to learn from mistakes and solve problems. The world cannot afford to censor. Censorship does not change the existence of that censored author's thoughts or the reality of what has occurred. The hidden information could be helpful. As this essay is being read, people are dying. It can easily be counted: @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3. They are gone. At any moment, anyone and everyone could die. Time is mainly all we have. We need knowledge to make the most out of it.     Everyone deserves to be heard. If @CAPS1 were to refrain from listening when being spoken to, it would be disrespectful and offensive to the speaker. A lot of the people in underdeveloped countries go with their starving cries unheard. Such cries make the more fortunate, well-fed, and housed people such as myself uncomfortable. Despite such discomfort, this information should not be hidden from anyone. No matter how uncomfortable or offensive a material @MONTH1 be, perhaps the author is simply thinking for himself/herself. Perhaps the author does not find it offensive, and is simply trying to make sense of the world because that is all @CAPS1 can do with all of the problems that exist. Every single person has the right to be heard. The people that believe something should be censored or hidden could have completely different opinions from others. There is no absolute, divine being that can accurately judge a material. The people that censor could be wrong about the content of the material. Because of the great variety of opinions and concept of respect, everyone must be heard.     Censorship should not be allowed because time and knowledge are the valuable building blocks that determine the future of humanity and not a single thought should go unheard. Censorship is a great hindrance to knowing what is occurring and what has occurred in the world. Truth is knowledge and knowledge is truth. It is up to the world to unleash it and make something out of it.",4.414487
"To @CAPS1 it @MONTH1 concern, today people of all ages are useing computers. Computers are a great way to do reports, talk to friends & family, & also to research things you @MONTH1 have needed to know. Kids in @ORGANIZATION1 have many projects to do & most of these projects involve writing a paper. Teacher have troble reading other hand writing so it would be helpful for the students to use the computer to print out a very neat paper. The computer has many ways that you can write that paper & now it will be very helpful. The near by libarry will always have extra computers students can use to write a papper. If you walk by a teenager on the internet, now a days you @MONTH1 find them on '@CAPS2'. '@CAPS2' is a website to talk to friends & relatives. Some of these relatives @MONTH1 live very far away or not have a phone to talk on, so you can talk to them here. Some people think '@CAPS2' is 'stupid' & can't be any good, because it takes away time for homework, but what if a @CAPS3 forgot to write down the homework? The @CAPS3 could go on '@CAPS2' & chat with a friend from @ORGANIZATION1 to get that home work. There are many search engines on the computer such as '@CAPS4 pile', '@CAPS5', or even the ever most popular '@ORGANIZATION2'. Most people use these web pages to research for papers, trips, or even just to find out random information. Many people want to go to @LOCATION2 or @LOCATION1 for @CAPS6, but don't know what to do when they get there. By going on one of the search engines they would find that in @LOCATION1 they could go to the @LOCATION1 zoo. In @LOCATION2 they could go to @CAPS7 world or the @CAPS8 @CAPS9 @CAPS10 to learn all about @CAPS11 & how it is in a @CAPS9. Thank you for taking the time to read this & I hope you will look into what I said.",3.587428
"Let your mind wander to a place of peace and tranquility. You are in a world of endless possiblities. To each side of you lies a vast collection of diverse adventures and anecdotes. You are in a library where each book holds the key to a door of knowledge and adventure. Looking for an adventure of your own, you drift down each section searching for the one suitable to your liking. Turning the corner, your eyes suddenly glance over to some books and magazines with provocative and inappropriate pictures on them that are blatantly out in the open for anyone to gaze upon. Quickly turning your eyes from the unfortunate meeting of offensive pictures, you race down the hallway to a different section. You think to yourself how unecessary those images were, now scarred into your mind. In most libraries, you will find anything you are looking for that can be contained within the confines of a book. I believe that because libraries are used by everyone of all different ages, races, and genders, that some censorship should be put into effect.       Some of the content found in libraries should be censored due to a diverse group of people in the world with different views, opinions, and morals. This censorship is @CAPS1 narrowed down to just inappropriate images, but religious, political, and cultural innuendo as well. Censorship should be evident in all sections of the library. I do @CAPS1 think that certain books should necessarily be removed from the shelf because of violation of rights to speech which includes written speech as well. I do, however, think that they should be sectioned off and clearly marked to warn unwanting eyes and ears of the material found there.     Libraries are one of the number one resources when researching, reading, or gaining information and knowledge. Most everyone has used, uses, or will use a library in their life. This includes children and families. Children do @CAPS1 need to be experiencing, learning about, or exposed to some of the content and material found in libraries. I do @CAPS1 think the books should be removed from the shelves, but put somewhere else where a child could @CAPS1 find it. Children have rapidly developing minds and are sometimes defined by the images that they are exposed to. Something a child sees is more commonly and easily remembered for a longer time than if an adult would see that. This shows that it is @CAPS1 good for a child to see such offensive things. Censorship, in regard to moving the books to a new location where a child can @CAPS1 stumble upon it, is the best choice.     Another reason that I believe that the books should @CAPS1 be removed completely, but rather taken somewhere else in the library, is because that everyone has the right to express their opinions and feelings toward a subject. Also, others have the right to express their opinions toward another's thoughts. Just because you find something offensive doesn't give you the right to take that away from someone. I think that if a person so desires such things and feels the need to read about them, then they have the right and the choice to do that. Although, people who do @CAPS1 want to see that should also have the choice to have that somewhere where they will @CAPS1 come across it. This is why the books should @CAPS1 be out in the open for all to see, but taken to a secluded section.     In conclusion, the best solution when dealing with offensive material found in libraries is to @CAPS1 remove it completely, but section it off from everything else and allow exclusive access to only those who so desire such material. Everyone should have a choice and a right to see or @CAPS1 to see certain material they might find offensive. In doing so, the library, I believe, will become a better environment to all those who wish to access and use it. More people will use it and the library will then appeal to everyone.",4.339857
"Dear editor, I beleve that people should have computers, The resons are it dosen't take @NUM1 days to email. You can learn about faraway places. Also you can talk to people around the world. After looking at these detail most people are likly to agree. Firstly it dosent take @NUM1 days to email you can email someone and it takes five seconds to get to the other person. While regular mail takes @NUM1 day to a week to get to another person. When you email some one and then the email you back it saves the and government money. Email is much fasters than the mall or I like to call it snail mail. Another reson is that you would be able to learn about diffrent contrys faraway and near. Would you be able to about @LOCATION1 from you living rooms without computers. No you wouldnt't. Without computers would you be able to learn about the earth quake in chile. No you wouldent. Compters are modern day telivision for kids. Lastly you can talk to people on the computer there is many ways to talk to people like facebook, myspace, aim, and vidio chat you don't have to call some one on the @CAPS1 when you can jus vidio chat with them. In conusion computers are good. You can email fast. You can learn about foreinge contrys in you living room. You can also chat with people online. I think computers are good what about you.",3.008779
